Try and bind your cerebral processors. 


You need to know it all to think well. 


When in need, drink water all the time. 


I come from the antichrist and the christ. 


Noe me enseño a no mirar a los ojos. Como podia molestar a otros lo que conmigo hacian todo el tiempo. Mirarme. 


The principle of sufficient reason. I’ll hold a belief as long as I don’t find another one that makes more sense. 


Toda la playlist està contaminada por el viaje a Trelew. 


You resignify songs every time you listen to them. 


Freaks are cool. 


Cada vez que aparece un tabaco, un gran trago de agua. 


Tomar agua es el equivalente de respirar. 


Agua. Aire. Tierra. Fuego. 
How do we consume tierra and fuego. 


You can’t own someone else’s places. Not vertually or symbolical. 


Smoke as a proof you can do what you want. 


Los metaleros ladran. Son producto de la industria. Son los dueños del ferrocarril. 


Railway man.
 
Fiction and factual are mixed as they are in actuality. 


Disconnect so you can think.


Every woman has itch and every nice girl secretly wants to switch. 


Make rhyms (rhymes/rhythms?) to remember your own songs. Easier to communicate. 


God never gives more than you can handle. 


It’s just breath control. 


You think this time will be worth it. 


One time was worth it. The time that make you realise you did not longer have that problem. 


You think this time will be so rewarding you won’t have to anymore, but its just a looped pattern. 


Too much of one thing ain’t the way, unless that way is all possible ways, God. A bit of everything. 


Moderation. 
You can be consumed with player (pleasure).


I don’t value myself (narcisissm). I value the things that I am not (property). Extensions of me. Magic. 


I own my words. I own my language. 
I own the way I speak. I am. After that, I own. 


Christianity is amazing because it teaches us free will. 


Jesus cracked the-code.


Para armar porro si soy prolijo. 


Even when you say “A”, it’s not the same A. 


Blas y Zore quieren aprender a escribir. Escribir te hace mejor pensador y mejor musico. 


No lo hago porque no hay necesidad ni quiero hacerlo porque si. En la musica al reves. Tampoco hay necesidad pero si quiero hacerlo porque si. 


The baby and the boy in the toilet are the same. 


No alcanza con fantasear ser Hemingway. Tambien hay que ser Hemingway. 


Adventurer because mystery calls. 


Si tengo una idea, no puedo perder tiempo tratando de explicar una vision o idea si necesito llevarla a cabo. 


You can hold two thoughts at the same time. 


Faca me trajo de regalo un tabaco: Pepe. El tabaco que fume en el jeep verde, aufera de su casa, around that time. El olor me trae a ese momento. Faca me trajo un portal en el tiempo. Wormhole. Strange times, those. 


You can conclude any bullshit because of how it felt. 


Feelings don’t mean anything. 


We all know evil but peasants don’t go to hell.


El es un tipo muy inteligente que decidio hacerse el estupido. 


Podria haber sido todas esas cosas que decia que era. 


El silencio no es silencio, es mindful. 


I’m not going to be like them, because I’m grounded in truth. 
But weren’t they, partly?
At least partly, but far apart. 


Crazy is just scattered. Es como quedas cuando ya no saber sostenerlo. 


A philosopher is the time it takes to write about the truth.


In One, all viewpoints are one. 


Fuente: tu hermana en patineta. 


Si dicen que sos un calificativo, es un filtro para toda la lectura posterior. 


Se puede separar la obra del artista? La respuesta es si y no. Se puede porque lo hacemos y no se puede porque el la hizo. 


Cande es una maquina propagandistica. De pelearse con la gente. Ella entiende: hay que iniciar gente al comunismo. Y me hablaba del Estado, de los chicos pobres, y me planteaba falsas dicotomias como la del arte-artista: necesitamos un Estado presente porque hay chicos pobres (?).


Los militantes militan encubierto. 


Me cambia la letra un monton. 


Sentado, como y a buen tiempo, escribo mas redondeado y mucho mas lindo. 


Esta es la eme.


We could understand the laws of perception. 


Los que no son perseguidos por paparazzis se persiguen solos despues. Que mas lindo que estar tranquilo. 


Silbar es su forma de anunciarse. 


Logic and reason are there for a reason. 
There is sufficient reason to believe logic is true. Meaning it corresponds with reality. 


You don’t manage the world. You just play with paper. 


The way I direct in sentences has nothing to do with the things I recognize, don’t recognize myself in. Sometimes I address you but referr also to me. Every subject is interchangeable. 


Who knew this would happen. Lost wisdom, burned books. Wisdom hidden from us. Internet appeared to make them flourish.


Protecting free speech corresponds with protecting free seek of knowledge. 


Me he dedicado la vida a escuchar la verdad para ser feliz. 


Si tus ojos estan bien, hay algo en la ley que esta mal. 


El acto de legislar es uno de hacer magia. 


Patean los problemas para mas adelante. Los mas grandes procrastinadores tienen el poder centralizado. 


I was showing her my gif of V.A.


“Nada es gratis” repitio mientras apagaba ya la colilla de su cigarrillo. 


Writing is about losing yourself in thoughts that will make the time go faster. 


You can write about anything. 


I wirte fiction on my phone while I write thoughts on my paper with the pen. 


You build the story upon the thoughts you are having. Not the other way around. Good storytelling is true about that. 


You don’t have to be disgusting. You are because you want to be. 


Alto sereno Julio. Alto hombre del rio. Conoce los ruidos. 


Mis mas amigos son los que yo elijo. 


There’s a strong force that prevents you from 


Write possibilities. 


There’s a dream team of intelectual elites. 


Ryan Long embraced his name. 


My recommendations are my elites dream team. 


They’ll tremble when they see who you are. 


Some thoughts come with extreme anxiety. 


La gente se embrolla en las palabras con las que piensa. 


Aprendi a temprana edad el placer de saborear las palabras  para adquirir su conocimiento. 


Poniendole nombre, los hacian existir. 


Escribir es acerca de ralentizar los moemntos y de escribirlos en detalle, con tiempo. 


Choose the sounds first.


Thunder moon. Electric night tonight. Acid.


Electric is acid.


If not beautiful is reason enough to stop.


He acted heroically.


We are all scattered but we possess the same center. 


Siempre escribo ficcion mientras escribo mis pensamientos. Uno con teclado, otro a mano. 


La imprenta y el internet son las tecnologias mas revolucionarias. 
La palabra escrita esta por todos lados. 


People pack up knowledge for you. Books. 


Idealize health. Wishful thinking. 


I know what I saw. 


Tenes que elegir las fuentes de tus conocimientos. 


The main all is not to do it all but to understand all. We strive with (/are driven by) the idea of God. 


La primera y la ultima son la misma pagina. 


SEr una fuente de creatividad es ser una fuente de informacion. 


They do what they please with nature, s nature does what it pleases with them.


So God has its nature. 


Quizas algunas oraciones te las has robado sin querer.


What shames you, upfront. That’s why is the symbol of sinners, and not the saints. There were, already, many saints before them. 


Las historais las cuenta uno como mejor le parece. 


Me dan risa algunas cosas. 


No podes reirte todo el tiempo. 


I don’t choose the times to write fiction. 


Los escritores te hacen creer que las passaron todas, y las entienden todas. Obvio que entienden lo que es suyo. 


Con el ojo pegado a la hoja, es mas facil escribir un continuo. 


Could be that life is just a joke about me. Because why would I, of all, be the one. At the same time, I think, I am the one, and so is the one next to me (other) and so they were many before me. 


Dos palomas me visitan y se paran en mi ventana. 


Descifer in books, God’s language. 


There is an intelligent force. 


This went unspoken for a long time. 


Cuando decis algo que es bello, a la gente le gusta. Solo cuando es verdadero. Porque no hay belleza sin verdad (lo otro es ilusion). Decirme “sos hermoso” no me hace hermoso. Nunca es verdadero ese comentario. No habla de las cosas, ni habla de mi, habla de vos, y no es un espejo. 
Ninguna apreciacion subjetiva puede ser nunca verdadera. Toda apreciacion es proyeccion de quien aprecia. 


Philosophers already move in waters they know. They build over time (new knowledge). 


Clarifications come for posterior editing. 


It’s hard to explain this experience of time. 


How long can you act carelessly about your health. 


If you think nothing matters, then you don’t matter. 


Yo no sabia que descrubriria la solucion a todos mis problemas. 


Cualquier cosa puede hablar de cualquier cosa. 


Escribir en hoja primero y encuadernar despues. 


Al tabaco y la maria hay que mezclarlos antes de ponerlos en el papel (mixto).


El cortaplumas para sacar punta al lapiz. 


La magia como leyenda de la voluntad de poder. 


Subrayo mis libros con los lapices que me regalo Caulumn en Navidad. 


La magia es un arte y el arte es una magia. 


El arte es magico. 


Why rush in going public. 


Do public what helps. Tools. The fisher’s net. 


Se lee con un lapic, una birome, un pedazo de papel, un teclado con un capitulo a medio hacer en el telefono. Time administration. 


Multitasking requires action administration and not merely partitioning activities. Can you do all at once. 


Estoy largando bastantes. 


I’m excited to live here, but nothing is perfect. 


Excitement inspires you and inspiration excites. 


La navaja es el afila lapices y el aplasta-papeles. 


La navaja de la Rural. 


You fill the house with the books that give soul to the place. 


The soul of a house is eternal. 


To mix the filth. 


My house will always have memories of me. 


I imagine both our brains clashing together and I can’t come. 


Word replacement. 


The things I write are the things that mean to me because they were meant by me. 


She was hot. 


It’s her and me and I don’t know which one to look at. 


The cult to oneself is the cult to God. Know thy self, to know all things. 


Know thyself. Know the essence of things. 


You have to be cool to fuck with. 


Writers more frequently than not, forget their thoughts. They are about what’s next. 


Archetypes express themselves in porn categories and subcategories. 
The delusional king. 
The dark mother. 
The young knight. 
The princess bride.


Build portals that connects the present self with the following. 


Confidence is not an act. Cannot be acted. It can only express itself. 


Wording. 


Wording gives meaning. 


You don’t find the word until it means something. 


Look at the breast. The heart, the center of the chest. It is all ritualistic. 


Think about yourself in all ways. Love, death, know your self to know them all. 


If you are not a saint, play pretend. 


There always is a spiritual revolution. 
 
The state will judge. 


Unhealthy when not doing something becomes an obsession. 


He does not know what he wants and never did. 


This is the end of an era. 


I love my life and if I’d live it forever like this, I’d be forever grateful.


Feet are meant to be dirty. 


Hands are made for work. 
Clean hands before work get durty during work. 


We all have the same info. What we do with it is another story. 


Want to change history? Write. 


Want to be a rebel? Write. 


Every knot connects the end with the beginning. 


All my questions answered in goodreads. 


The guitar has always been there. 


Puta buena vida man.


I continue the book where I stop underlying. 


You don’t speak the truth but can speak from truth. 
Speak your mind saying what you believe to be true. 


Julio vino a hablar y dejo en la mesa dos treboles de 4 hojas. Es un mago.


I’m right where I belong. The outcasts. The misfits. 


To be surrounded by water. It is paradise. I may as well drown in it one day. 


My father was the master of all keys. 
The master of keys. He could access any house with that keychain of his. 


Carpenters work with locks. 


Julio me dio un par de plantas, las voy a hacer te. 
Pocimas. El trabajo ya esta en proceso. 


Mi contraseña tiene que estar escrita tambien en papel, para que alguien la encuentre. I know what could be a good replacement for all my passwords. Things that mean something. 


One for all. 


Subrayar libros con birome de dolor. 


All men came from a mother. 


God, the masculine divine principle. Nature, the feminine divine principle. God has, inherently, properties. Nature. 


A small thing can be (end up being) greater than a big thing. 
The domino effect. 


Think about the time you remembered something. Without that happening the first time, you couldn’t be reminded of it. 


Idealists get killed.


0-12
1-13
2-14
3-15
4-16
5-17
6-18
7-19
8-20
9-21
10-22
11-23
12-24


I could live this life my whole life and it would be healthy. 


Esta vida es perfecta. Esta al medio de todo. 


People have to change their habits because civilization keeps advancing. 


None of my ideas are dangerous for the individual. 


La navaja sirve para hacer carton para hacer filtros. 


Tengo que comprar papeles cortitos.


Siempre he tenido locuras pero todas diferentes. 


Intoxicate little by little, drop by drop, pitada a pitada. 


Smoke slowly. Enjoy it, or don’t do it. 


Don’t let smoking interrupt your singing. Use the mouth for the best of yourself. 


Vamos a hablar de algo, y cuando piensen algo, lo anotan. 


Un tabaco bueno para el faso, uno barato para el dia. 


Kvothe also has a small place he took care of. 


Write something about that something. Despues lo leo y les pregunto si lo vieron o escucharon u olfatearon. Donde estaba su espiritu cuando recibieron ese pensamiento. 


Confidence can’t be enforced. 


I can look cool doing it. 


Life at the city is stranger’s hairs all over. 


When I’m with you I can only be me. 


There’s a black foot printed in my floor. I can’t remove the stains. 


Cinema has gotten a lot more complex. 


No force necessary more than the one of resistance. 


Forcing you requires your amount of force, + a little more. Physical or otherwise. 


Cleaning requires a system. 


Cada cancion tiene lo suyo. 


State is below Human. 


Uno empieza a contar las cosas por donde quiere. El proposito es develar el misterio. 


Develar misterios. Eso es escribir y eso es pensar. 


My brain abstracts.


The best way to not fear nature is to know nature. 


I only know that I’m moving in the right direction. The outcome is a blind act of faith. 


Know its bugs and parasites.


Without Austin’s handmade notebook I wouldn’t have thought plenty of things. I wouldn’t have started writing. 


Spotify for overground. 
Youtube for underground. 


Me llamo la atencion con la soltura que se movia el zore en su casa. Obvio, si es su casa, de nadie mas. 


Los libros tambien sirven de apoyabrazos. 


The flood will happen in the ranch. 


La repisa para los condimentos con ese palet. 


You can have order in whichever lifestyle you choose. 


My blood is boiling. 


Why would we create what he created instead of creating something entirely new.


There are differnt orders all across universe. All based in real, natural laws.


Frank Zappa. The electric Don Quixote. 


Each book, one dollar.


Socrates, Escohotado, Jesucristo.


He embraced the Cross. 


I do my own interpretation of what his life meant. That’s the part no one will ever know. No one was him. He taught you how to move spirits in the right directions. There were others exactly like him. 


Take a good picture of it and send it to us. Book of phrases.


Make inventary and only publish that. Price. One dollar a book. 


Tienen que hablar y decir por que lo quieren. Se los envio. 


Todo lo que lees en libros lo podes chequear. 


Los pozos de agua son el peor terror. El rio, the Ring, La pelicula del gordo mexicano.


I know I act crazy because I see myself. 


You can rape yourself. 


Every time you think you cannot write something, go back to the paper. Your secret forever yours, if that’s your will. You can write it and throw it to the fire afterwards.


Everything can be translated into fiction.


Everything is more or less fiction. 


Write and listen to music. 


Figuras influyentes. 


A los 27 descubri un monton de autores que me despertaron espiritualmente. 


Become an influent figure. For yourself. 


I’m going to typewrite a book for a friend. Phrases. Twenty phrases. Choose good number. 13. 


Lo que te gusta de ser TO es que podes ser creativa. 


What do you know, who am I talking to. 


Toda la vida intentando descifrar para que esta la norma, si al final cada uno hace lo que quiere. Mejor dicho, su voluntad. 


Dangerous information is not about others but about how they operate. Anyone could guess it. 


Mandar libros a extraños o dejarlos en la calle. Ver que pasa. Plant the seed.


Me fabrico una prensa. 


Tornillos y tuercas son parte del trabajo con madera. 


Un monton de libros pesados son una buena prensa y una buena carga magica.


Cooking you learn about fire itself. 


I went to these magical houses. It was a hippy meals. 


You are condemned to know all things and to choose between them. 


The writing process. 


Butchers smell like death.


Condemned to want to know all things. 


I can correct myself in the next line. 


The next line and the previous one never touch. Never related in space or time. Chaotic. 


From noise there comes music. 


Silencio. Ruido. Armonia. Ritmo. Musica.


No podes, a tus padres, ocultarles el mundo. 


Thirst and hunger. 


I’m going to call it a night. It’s 19:23. 


Embrace cold, it’s unevitable. 


Be specific with time and the dates. 


Just plant better seeds. 


The seeds of evola are flourishing. Ten seeds of CFK did as well. 


Every ashtray is sacred. 


The tricky part about politics is you can’t ever know anyone’s true intentions. It’s a dirty strategic mind game. 


Books are for protection. 


I couldn’t have solved it without meaning. 


Obsession with something starts somewhere. 


Don’t think about how do you like it more. Think how it could function better.


She makes everything a matter of taste, when in reality, it’s not. Everything is a matter of reason, son in order to flow and harmonize with external notes, you need to make what’s adaptable, to adapt. 


Manche con grasa del horno justo donde dice grasa, especificamente “grasa del higado”. Del libro “historia de la magia”, Francois Ribadeau Dumas. 


Ashtrays are loaded symbols. 


Pens are loaded symbols. 


Who teaches you how to cut wood. 


I saw the dead piling up.


Always a different color. Each day. 


I like coloured pens. 


Cook on your writings. Cut garlic, an onion on your pages. 


Para dejar de perder tiempo, hay que enternar la tecnica, adquirir conocimiento. 


No hay diferencia entre ser un sabio y ser un mago. 


Fortalezas y debilidades, todos las tenemos. 


Mandarselos y ver que les inspira. Hechos libro/cuaderno.


Books transform you while you are reading them. And time after you’ve read them. 
Standing in front of a library gives you access to all you’ve read and what you haven’t. Books, are a source of inspiration. 


They are all time periods. Nothing ever stays the same. It will all come to an end. 


Smoking is an entire cyclical process. 


All cyclic action can be ritualised. 


You can’t hide handwritings. 


I like my home because I can show myself. I don’t have to do nothing when waiting for someone. 


El porro te llleva despacio hacia la naturaleza.


Hacen todo eso en nombre del amor. No tienen cara u ojos para ver.


When you go public, you unleash a war you have nothing to do with/about. 


Cigarro barato para esas noches donde fumo como un condenado. Hasta no ver el condenado, solo era una imagen vacia. Es “el extraño”, prisionero, de Albert Camus. 


The bad things that can happen to you when you do good but you aren’t smart enough. You’ll have to be smart as them + a little more. Outsmarting.


You learn to trust yourself like you learn to trust others. 


Medio indio. Miedo. Hay una necesidad por ser salvajes, y eso no. 


I’m going to record the worst screams. 


Jesus somos todos los que nos animamos a las ultimas consecuencias por el bien y la verdad. Nada deberia pasarme pero nada me garantiza que nada vaya a pasarme. 


I write the main idea of the story in here. Continue in docs. Anything can be translated into fiction. 


Contemplating certain ideas is scary. I understand. 


“Each person judges well what they know and is thus a good critic of those things. For each thing in specific, someone must be educated [to be a critic]; to [be a critic in general] one must be educated about everything.”


Everything can be translated into fiction. 


Let’s imagine I. 


All priests leave like them. The world is so quiet right now, because no one speaks the truth. 


“This is the truth I choose to believe”. There are truths better than others. 


I am Him. All my previous versions.


I will be remembered through my art. What’s there, remains there.


Blend in with nature. It heals. 


There are truths better than others. 


Tenia miedo de que las cosas (...).


Era un fatalista mas que un suicida. Pero por fatalista, odiarme podia convertirme en suicida.


Puedo no decir la verdad afuera, pero siempre podrie decirmela a mi. 


El hermano, el tio, el padre, el hijo. Him. 
Elo-Him.


They. 
They make you rhink real things are (...).


The dot is the end of a line. 


Make your characters have trips and come back from them. 


You can sense things before sensing them. Liek bugs flying behind you, all over your head.


Raise the stakes to the max when you have nothing to lose. 


Escribir de todas formas es espectacular. 
Si me llevan voy a hacer un quilombo. 
Pero no de la forma en que creen. 
Untouchable. A man that skips death by publicly doing the right thing. That, also happens. Multitudes gathering for strangers as an act of love for something he or she did. The ideal. The abstract. 


There is love for the abstract. 


The abstract as what is not concrete.


They wouldn’t take me in any institutionalized religion with the owned ideas I have about God. 


It’s a wrestle with God. Mind. Life.


If you write, you’ll end up finding God. 
In you, there is all.


I'm not abnormal. Where it involves two people, it is a matter of compatibility.


8QEJlXx6lY@^%OU370@5ePu$
#dock


There's a sense of completion.


It can't not be dark. If I ever write a script.


I'm healed from the dominance of body.


Se las perdono a todas. Por mí. Amor. Por estar bien. I am whole. I am grey. A real grey man.  


I choose to love existence.
Despise it all.


We are all equal since I only see spirits.
I serve one no one serves me. I ask they answer they ask I answer.


My brains out on some of my lines.


A dark empath working for the good.


Own characters have their own rhythms.


El problema son las creencias de otras personas que cuando no son correctas dañan al resto.


Fully compromised with my art since I see it is good.


Since (the moment) not because (of the reason).


The idea is to communicate more efficiently.


It does not matter when or where I start writing. 


The goal is to keep as many meaningful thoughts as you manage to articulate on paper. 


I’m a discoverer. And feeling like every day wass the same made me discover the extraordinary in the ordinary. 


Por algo ser todo lo que otra cosa no es, tiene algo del otro en si mismo. Ying y el Yang. 


As love is within, like Jesus teaches.
As knowledge wis within, like Socrates teaches. 
Creativity is within, like I’ll teach. 


“They say…”. He didn’t see it like that. 


The next evolutionary step will be creativity. 


Enjoy the ride. No matter how hard. 


The creativity market. 


I was just looking for answers and many people would give them to me. 


Cuando este meando me voy a acordar de algo para escribir. 


As long as I live, I’m going to continue writing. 


It is all me, and then it is all God. They forgot to teach us what the word “I” means when Jesus says “I”. He means you and every other. 


There is an each one and an each other. 


Being is not a simple state. When you say “I”, what do you mean?


Where all of the actual knowledge stored? Akashi. 


Antes estabamos siempre al sol y no pasaba nada. Las quemaduras me hicieron agarrarle rechazo al sol. Llegue a decir cosas como “no me gusta el sol”. Un vampiro. 


Con amor y respeto. Esos son los ojos que hay que tener. 


Cada vez que me creo algo me calzo un par de ojos que no son mios. 


Para ser verdad tiene que resonar. 


Lo que es verdad resuena.


They prey to lesser Gods. 


God has been studied. 


You can only achieve good things getting in the dirt. Playing in the mud, where others play by their own rules. Knives and thrown bottles.


Is this a book of poetry.


Me molesta que me esta pasando exactamente lo que sabia que me iba a pasar. No tengo suficiente tiempo solo, para escribir. 


Escribir es compulsivo o no es. Matar la compulsion en la escritura es matar la escritura. 


Opresion represion. 


No me dejaban prestar atencion (a lo que yo queria).


Some lines are composed by two or three different days of writing/transcripting.


How convincing do you sound to yourself. 


You would normaly trade food for stories. Travelers would tell others about their interesting journey. 


Many stories lost throughout history.


Many walking legends. 


Prevee lo que vas a hacer. 


To examine. To look from up close. 


El pez por la boca muere. 


Short term visualization.


Suffer hunger cooking. 


Existencia y apariencia.


Sospecho que el sabia que parandose sobre el fuego pareceria un demonio. 


He knows how to apply dark magic. 


Desamilacion.
Asimilacion. 


Continua renovacion de la sustancia viva y su evolucion.


Osmosis. Oxigeno, agua. Calor. Luz. 


When you feel suffocated or drowned go oxigenate. Breathe between the trees, open the windows and let the wind blow. 


Composicion quimica de los seres vivos inestable. 


I used to retain information as the smallest sustract, summary. 


El ser vivo se descompone en cuerpos brutos.


81. The Garden of Eden. 


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ljw5eJdO4kQ&list=TLPQMTMwNzIwMjLIP6qA--3eQQ&index=3
Le Jardin de Lucy.


Una produccion esencial del ser vivo es la reproduccion.


They change honesty with amability.  


Szizek es un capo. Da el ejemplo (he embodies his philosophy). Nadie lo entiende. Pero el sabe. 


What is your model?


Anything can be a model. More or less delusional. 


“Deciamos ayer…” despues de cinco años preso. 


Prototipo de la mujer cristiana. 
“La perfecta casada”.


You don’t get them, if they don’t get themselves. 


Knowing implies maturity. 


Dried up, tied and dead to the world. Heavy concept. Great song. 


What’s heavy syncs (sinks) deeper. 


Representan a los chetos como unos retrasados. 


Cuerpos brutos y seres vivos. 


I see hidden words in blank paper. 


Julio es el hombre del rio.. Yo solo vengo a aprender. 


Julio es un angel. Eso lo hace magico. 


El protoplasma esta tanto en los animales como en los vegetales. 


Pone en libertad una parte de su masa. 


There are cells all over my body that have eyes on me. 


Eyes on me can be joyful or terrifying. 


We were the loners. 


Una celula es una masa protoplasmatica. Las hay de muchas formas y tamaños.


I know the secret to understand all things. 


Microscopico. Micron (u).


Celula: sitio de reacciones complejas que modifican continuamente su composicion. 


Aprende a convivir con los cascarudos. 


De la mas chorra a la mas fina. 


Protoplasma: cuerpo de la celula. 


Obvio que puedo desarmar colecciones. Si igual no estan completas. Algunos libros parecen sencillamente, una poronga. 


El corazon bombea arriba, abajo, y a los costados. En cruz. 


La señal de la cruz es un ritual al corazon. 


Bookbinding with fishing lines. 


Such strong force. It’s frustrating that he can’t see it. 


There’s a superforce holding it all together. Infinite darkness could be turned into in an instant.


You can always narrate from truth. Grounded in truth. 


Nothing but truth in faith if we can’t know any better. The divine principle and the principle of sufficient reason for believing what you believe. 


The whole is -1.


Why do I think the spirit as the negative, if nothing is stranger to me than reality. I’m nothing but my own dreams. 


There are things that are so hard to write. It’s almost repulsing. 


Or maybe it has to do with that I just smoked a mixed an I’m bending forwards. 


Cuando das por terminado el pensamiento, escribir el siguiente - (guion).


No son lineas, son guiones (en los cuadernos escritos a mano al menos). Instrucciones para agentes en cualquier aspecto de las multiples dimensiones. 


Spirit asks me to die. 


Todo es un guion en la vida. Todo esta guionado. Ensayemos el guion. 


Quizas el comunismo en su noble expresion busque darnos un gran reset. Aunque en esas causas hay personas que estan ahi por sus meros intereses. Todos quieren la vida del principe. Algunos a cualquier costo. 


It’s an indicative of many things. 


You be subtle. You apply the magic. 


Magic is a way of acting. The own rhythm in the every room. 


I try to mantain my pace at every place I go. 


Me paso la vida preguntandome todas las cosas, y asi se todas las cosas. Aprendo mas mirando siempre que es lo que no estoy mirando por mirar aquello. Ese es el gran problema: entre tantas cosas, no saber donde mirar. 


I sometimes (...).


El derecho. De entre todas  las cosas, sacar lo importante. 


Siempre sufrido. 


El ego es un umbral de dolor. Cuantas mas cosas seamos capaces de soportar, mas diminuto se hara el ego. Hay personas dispuestas a pasar calor por no sacarse la remera.  El umbral del dolor. Le duele mas su cuerpo y adormece el espiritu. 


The Spirit is louder than the body. 


Nothing I say is never not my opinion. 


Some opinions are true some aren’t. 


Me da pena saber que he dicho cosas tan feas de ellos. 


I’m “a”. One of many. 


You can feel the table move and believe it’s a monster, but you are high af.


La felicidad pasa por no resentirse porque lo hayan a uno parido. 
Gratitud parece un proceso activo, pero es su termino negativo, no resentirse. Resentirse, no-grato.


I choose to enjoy life and this very moment. 


El negativo es el que no es desde la perspectiva de su opuesto. 


The truth is painful.


Negativo y positivo son relativos complementarios. 


Quisiera ser siempre mas paciente con ellos. 


Siempre hice mal la señal de la cruz. 


En ningun momento dejaremos de ser animales. 


Are we modifying the body more rapidly? 


What the fuck are these evolutionary stages? How are we evolving as a collective. 


Surround yourself with thought triggers. 


Shiva bailando la danza cosmica. 


Los dioses bailan con una gracia y ligereza insuperables. 


Se insuperable. 


Solo hasta diez tiradas hago. 


El cuento es entretenimiento + sabiduria. 


Lo unico que se necesita para escribir es imaginacion y poder de sintesis. 


The thing is to learn how to use your imagination in the moment you want to write. 


Journalism is a fancy word for papparazzzi now. 


Even if you can’t conceive God you can concieve what it means: unification of the whole.


Communion. Of all things. God. 


It’s not that we get confused, it is that we can create whatever we want and many don’t know it. 


You want to save people from having miserable lies (lives).


Li(f)e. I’m 14 and this is deep. 


I’ll give the space. I have more. I don’t care. 


The smell of old books and tobacco on my hands.


Something explosive about me. 


I’m well aware of some of my wierdness. 


Socially anxious. Covert narcissists.


Puedo decir cosas a traves de libros. 


Pongo en la mesa los del lote que hago mios. Junto a los de mi abuelo.


Los libros son tradicion. Las mentes de infinidad de individuos anteriores a nosotros.


Ideas pass on.


I see myself with flowers growing from my dead body.  The seed being my writings. Whenever it all stops, it stops. I won’t be able to complete all of my goals. 


They can’t move past the victim mindset.


Los libros de ayer te brindan informacion para hoy. 


You can’t know which sentence I wrote first. 


Reality is all that could be but instead. 


Cuanto mejor mezclado esta, en la magia, mejor. 


Fisionomia funcionamiento. Anatomia. Estructura. 


Everything is what could be but instead…


Deciamos ayer.


El origen de la vida es un problema que el hombre no ha podido descifrar. 


Todo ser proviene de otro ser semejante. 


Omne vivum ex vivo.


Sintesis de la materia organizada. 


Fuerzas fisico-quimicas. 


Protoplasma -> a partir de celulas (pequeñas masas).


Deep intimacy is what it looks like. It backfires. Weaponized against you.
Undercut your sense of trust. 
Reverse love bomb.


Failure. Paranoid. Victimized.
Not launching. Worlds stop the from launching.


Me gusta el mensaje que el predica. 


Actual and emotional labour made but just one party.


Guilt and pitty. 
I was sorry for her not having friends to celebrate her birthday. 
It was fucking sad. 


“Papa frita…”.


I was just giving her love. He didn’t want it. 


Pseudo-intimacy. 


Sentir, pensar y hacer son actos creativos, voluntarios. 


Si no creamos, nos crean. 


Un deshonesto diria cualquier cosa por hacerte sentir bien. 


Esta es una vida de pelicula. 


Mujer de campo devenida en cheta. 


Poner si es parte de la biblioteca personal o no. 


God is all possibilities but instead, this. 


Una serie de yo sucesivos. 


Useful, feeling, may be intoxicating. 


Your empathy. Resilience. Desire to help people.
Just like a vampire, these relationships will suck you dry.


Powerful emotions like pitty and guilt can often set in.


Love bombing. Idealization and seduction. 


What draws in the best of you and drains you. 


Vulnerable narcissists.


La memoria como inmersion en un hoy de fluir permanente, absoluto. 


Destino individual recortado con el de toda una epoca.


De mayor caos a menor orden. De menor orden a mayor orden.


No hay artista que no emule a Dios. 


There’s this big worm you have to throw up.


Algunos libros van a ser para recortar y armar diarios.


Armo un diario con las cosas que dejaron adentro de los libros. 


No outter energy is powerful enough to change someone’s will. Psychopaths don’t get energies. 


La relacion entre historias paralelas es de contrapunto. 


La noche de la angustia metafisica. 


Uso hojas de señalador. Libros de cuaderno.


Blas diciendo “epa” cuando se abrio sola la puerta del baño y me vio verlo mientras sacaba la chota. Parado de costado al inodoro. Nunca me lo voy a sacar de la cabeza.


Stay with memories: the meaning of them. Do not stay with images or sounds. Shapes are indifferent. 


Writing you’ll do the discovery at your own, natural pace. 


If remembering it, relive it. 


We are bonded to our bodies. 


It is our right to be bonded to our bodies. That carries responsibility. 


I ask questions, I answer them, and I write them down.


I will journey into darkness. 


Claim victory for mankind. 


Don’t use always the same pirueta to reach solution. Anchor yourself to reality and through symbolism, you’ll get there. 


You can’t always be excited. 


La charla, papa, vicky. 


Siempre podes volverte hacia tu ultimo recuerdo y escribir algo al respecto. 


Show that everything is fine. Like Sadhguru. 


La proxima vez, jamas sera igual. El espiral gira sobre si mismo pero no vuelve nunca al mismo lugar.


It is the same woman. 


An outcast, a pariah. 


Magicians make you think a lot about you. 


Choosing between fear and love.


Las coordenadas de las pirámides son lo más cerca a lo más cercano del cielo.
Los rituales más divinos se realizaban ahí.


Hace rato no escribo.


Me gustaba meditar.


An explosive relationship.


El humano carnicero.


Alem al fondo. Los caseritos. Papas fritas.


Te despoja de toda humanidad. 


Contempt. Disgust. 


Happy and loving. 


You have to choose. Whether you live or you die. 


My duty is my book. 


Incursionar en diferentes generos. 


I wish things didn’t look so dark at times. 


Who sold me, I don’t care. 


He could tell, but did nothing. 


Violent dreams. Lo-fi chiptune. 


Gunslinger’s glory or freedom in death. 


“I need money, sure”.


Make a thing of a book. 


Crap. 


Violence is not always on TV.


You have to go through tough thoughts to heal.


Why aren’t they explaining it from scratch. 


Know emotions so you can call them.


You call your thoughts, your feelings and your acts. 


You call things. 


Life feels like excitement and horror. Nothing else. Vertigo. 


“Sabes que tenes que escuchar vos? Piano”.


Vos podes pensar que te gritan en la oreja. Que te atropellan.


Les enseñan a tener la cabeza siempre vacia. 


La famosa definicion de perseguido. You see things move when they don’t. 


You can alchemyze the feeling of wanting to pee. 


It will happen all the time until you realise. How do you wake up your friends?


Senses can fail. They are for you to take care of. 


You only freak out because of symbology. 


We trust the corageous. 


I’m developing a taste for order. But don’t judge my table. 


“Por uno mismo”.
“Uno mismo”.


Los libros “uno mismo” son mis prensas. 
Tambien la enciclopedia en ingles.


You often wonder: is it too late?


Uno mismo. Estaba flashando y lo vi. Uno mismo. 


Hacia una nueva postura corporal consciente. Eso es el yoga. 


I’m going to make album covers from the things they’ve left inside books. 


Las sandalias del pescador. 


Random people, random dates. One from 29-9-89. Medica. Guardia. 


Random people, random encounters. 


La poesia es un canto a la vida. 


What are speedrunners all about. Efficiency?


Arthur will stay forever within us.


The game couldn’t have come at better times.


Let yourself write everything, then believe in your true power. 


The noise showed me so much light.


Muchas veces son peliculas que me imagino las que me dan las respuestas. Matrix o TLOTR?


Write whatever, pick up the pieces. 


Write what’s on your mind or something about what’s on your mind. 


Los consume otra cosa, mientras ellos hacen lo que quieren. 


Hay muchos metodos de analisis y diferentes conclusiones pueden extraerse. 


There’s nothing else I should be doing. 


Conclusiones diferentes pueden sacarse de las mismas pruebas. 


I know I am because I don’t know. 


I know that I am because there are things that I know I don’t know. 


Siguiente paso? Maquina de escribir. 


Tengo una pieza al pedo en casa y voy a ponerme a hacer birra. 


Cuando sentis culpa, los espiritus. 


Bugs seem almost blind. 


Mañana voy a andar en una bicicleta. 


Me encantaba andar en bicileta hasta que me la robaron. La ate mal al arbol. Me odie por ser tan distraido. Me volvia caminando y la olvidaba en la escuela. Una vez en plena San Antonio, en el lugar de los jueguitos. 


The master of masters is the king of kings. 


This is the re-birth of God. 


Arrogance is a barrier. 


Mi abuela me dijo que yo elegia a mi angel guardian. Elegi a Gabriel. 


La pintura que mas o primero marco mi vida fue la del arcangel Michael stepping over Satan’s head. 


Angels are created beings. 


Angels are uncreated beings. 


My feet always on the ground. Tip toe, it always go a little faith. 


A leap of faith to accept the truth. Remove doubts and jump; it is good. Remember that it is good. Remember there is joy in the good. And it’s nothing like suffering. And it’s nothing like desire. It is an uncorruptible peace.


I answer only to myself. 


I would laught at their faces. 


Knowing what you can know, you are unstoppable.


They are all verses. Bliblical, or not, poetical or not. 


My head goes fast but I know I won’t go crazy. 


Saint Michael tiene escudo y espada. 
San Gabriel se presento a Maria para anunciar a Jesus. 
Esa actitud de mensajero. De traer las buenas nuevas. 


Every birth is Jesus’s birth. 


Antes usaba mucho mi cuerpo para volver a bajar. Ahora todos los amigos se acercan. 


Art is the expression of self throughout objects or magical installations.


Art, expression of self. 


You can sum words.


All the red written on. 


La historia de la magia - Dumas. solo lei parte de la intro hasta ahora. No paro de escribir. 


Let your stream of thoughts flow. 


You don’t flow, what flows is your stream of thoughts. 


Use your stream of thoughts creatively and wisely. 


True structures are unordered, dynamical. 


Creativity is the one fundamental right, for being the one fundamental principle.


Deberia comprar una maquina de escribir. Para mi. Que le quede a mi viejo. 


“Te queres convertir en un hombre de la selva”. Todos somos hombres de la selva. 


I have a loud animal at the front of my door. 


I couldn’t have done it without the help of psychodelics. 


You should plant as many seeds as you can. 


Los terminos relativos son todos en relacion a relativos contrarios. 


Justicia? Para quien? Esta terminando la revolucion. 


I’ll answer letters through email. Respond. Like St. Claus. 


Totalmente viciado con la escritura. Practice yoga. 


Frases porque llevan poco tiempo escribir. 


Los liros ya vienen sucios y manchados. 


Albums en cassette. mi primer amor. despues fue el CD. 


Eveything is mechanical. Steampunk. Typewriting. 


Stamps. 


Lata aire comprimido. Aguarras mineral. 


Le doy un libro a todo el que pregunte. Algunas se permiten otras no. 


Enough  you have to learn about being human. 


Words are a more solid structure than thought. 


The shapes of the mechanics of thought. 


The movements of thought and its autonomus processing. 


This are all just random ideas. 


Thoughts could vanish in thin air. 


Thoughts vanish like thin air. 


OG and edited versions, both written down as separate lines.


There are things that still I won’t understand. 


When you are right you act. You can’t act if you are confused. 


There are beautiful natural posts. 


Life vanishes before our own eyes. 


Symbology is the most human.


Te preparan la cabeza. Es un proceso. 


Type books while writing something else. Olivia lettera 22. 


Los espejismos, parte de la reflexion. 


I didn’t want to show myself because I didn’t know who I was. 


A las tapas las voy a hacer de papel grueso y  el libro de papel de diario. Bien descartable. 


“Si queres tira ahi donaciones. Son anonimas”.


La idea es que se quede viejo, que le afecte el paso del tiempo. 
Disposable books. 


Ordena los textos como te sea mas facil encontrarlos.


Si no queres pasar toda la secuencia pones un reloj en pantalla o un plano donde cambie mucho la luz. Primeras o ultimas horas. 


Que se note el tiempo en el diario. Que lo quieran tanto como para usarlo. 


“No me debes nada”.


El boca a boca va a hacer llegar los libritos. 


El boca a oido. 


Sin faso voy a tener que leer mas. Con faso no puedo parar de escribir. Sin faso no me acuerdo (de escribir).


Los verdaderos autores dicen ellos mismos las cosas, no: “si este dice esto, entonces esto otro, si fuera cierto”. Blah, basura. 


Las experiencias con el porro te hacen pensar en otras cosas, que no son tan lindas pero que te hacen mas sabio. El panico, los ataques de panico, el cuerpo, los fantasmas, el aqui y ahora. 


El aqui y ahora es “ya”. 


“Ya” es una palabra magica. 


Si estoy neurotico, escucho afuera, apago la musica. 


Me acobarde al pensar que (...).


You did things towards what you didn’t know, because of not knowing. 


There are no persons in writing. 


Wording adjusts perception. 


Las palabras ajustan tu percepcion. 


Tus palabras tienen que tener un buen sistema. Clockwork. 


Take a picture of your favourite page. 


We manage time through words. I can word a thing and then word something totally different. 


You word actions and emotiones and make them exist. Pure faith. The creative force. 


Maybe there are many ways to get away from neurosis, but they all have the same fundamental principle. 


Sanity and insanity are anchored in truth. Truth is anchored in the fresh perception of there here and now, the only reality that truly exists at any given time. 


I smoke more when I’m tired and don’t want to write anymore. 


You can’t write something while you picture something else. 


Me hago hacer mas tarjetas con el link del blog. 


Don’t hide the secret. Give the blog for them to read. Don’t cheat on them. Be transparent. 
Don’t do magic. Go straight truth. 


They are too attached to words. 


Along with cockroaches I did ride. 


For a writer, what’s important is to write it down. Everything else comes with it. 


Angels as archetypes of energy. 


You reach both ends by wanting to know more. 


The polarity of mind is in our nature. It is a tool and our power. Discernment comes from it. 


Angels are a constant and reliable presence (well, more or less).


Inspiration, enlightenment, healing, protecting the defenseless. 


Hacer un deck de Tarot. Entendiendo primero que significa cada carta. 


From meaning comes everything else.


Why would the creator create something that means nothing. 


Something can’t mean nothing. 


Tarot is powerful because people can believe it. 


It doesn’t matter what happens to me because what’s already written, is already done. 


Write as much as you can and in the shortest time you are capable of. 


Higher moral levels. 


The obsession can be anything. What hits first. 


With these notions, I could beat all things. Fight the big monsters. 


A comer asado que hice hoy. El primer asado del rancho, para mi vieja y mi viejo.


There is not a cycle. There’s a cancellation. A going back to zero. 


I have to learn to live with bugs. 


They knew exactly from the beginning what magic meant. 


No importa en que bloque continuo. 


Trabajo tipear frases viejas a maquina para armar libros. 


Los voy a regalar. Que si quieren darme algo despues de hacerlo, que me transfieran. Pero no lo hago por eso. Me imagino a Adri. 


Se puede vivir de donaciones. Nadie querria llamarme un empresario. 


Me imagino a Mat Walsh haciendo un chiste.


Un block es cualquier block. 


I have a spiritual gift to teach. 


People believing there are prophecies in a literal sense are mystic delirium.


Can you be the one? Yes, even if you don’t belive it. Just like Neo. 
Si no soy, voy a tener una vida espectacular, de pelicula. 


La vida es un espectaculo. 


I understand. 


The sicker you are, the more it expands the idea of the beauty in evil. 


“Make them suffer and be forgiven” is what the church teaches us. 


Institutionalized religion. 


People saying things just because and uploading them to my blog. 


If you think it’s cool to be in a certain way. You’ll stick with it and if proud, you won’t let it go. 


Quizas deberia ser en papel de diario. Justamente para que se haga mierda. 


Wide paper to write better holding the ppaer in the air. 


It is of big urgency to write whenever comes the impulse. 


Some things are not supposed to mix. Others are not supposed to last long. 


Some things are not supposed to be on their own. 


Folded once, the shopping/to do list fits perfectly in my wallet, so I won’t forget it. 


Watch closer. You’ll develop the eye to distinguish. 


All stealable. Fuck it. 


Count the filters to prepare what you smoke. Drop small quantity in tobacco package. 


You don’t need to learn to say anything to write. You’ll use your own words, you just won’t know what they are. 
You don’t know what your own words are. 


Words your own are the ones you make them. 
You make words your own. 


A book about writing by an unpublished author. 


You just know when you hold true power. 


I’d like them to prove themselves wrong. 


MIDI kick to drum with launchpad. 


Hide in plain sight. Be deaf, blind and cover your head. Riding bike wear black sunglasses, headphones and a hat. 


Mysterix. 


Me quede con le primero por pedir mas. 


La mochila sale vacia, entra llena. 


No podes evitar para siempre los conflictos. 


Ya vi como queda la gente despues de una perturbacion. 


Rammstein a lot of painful memories. I used to listen to them a lot while in the old appartment, psychology.


“Psychology is for the ones that aren’t okay in the head”.


What place are you occupying in the family constelation. 


Picture something funny. 


You don’t always feel like laughing. 


Picture someone translating something. 


When you can’t imagine how it could be, you discard it. 


Los dramas empeoran con las lecturas que hacen otros a mi alrededor. 


Recorda todas las veces en que los hiciste pensar. 


No quiero, muchas veces, vivir el proceso de recordar. Es doloroso. 


Vivir en el presente es un gran poder pero puede hacernos daño si no sabemos utilizarlo. 
Los hedonistas viven el presente y poco tiene de envidiable esta filosofia. 
Los placeres son para la moderacion. Estoicismo la filosofia del buen vivir. 


Todo puede suceder. Esa es la magia. El pensamiento magico es verdadero. El pensamiento no puede clasificarse ni juzgarse como bueno ni malo siempre que haya desapego. 


El desapego no es un estado, es una tecnica, se activa cada vez. 


Corta tu cabeza.


Desconectas la cabeza para no sufrir pero la realidad te estorba y lastima. 


Superheroes are martyrs. 


Anything can happen. Magic. 


Heroes here on Earth are Martyrs. 


Practice your faith publicly.


You have to see the horrors like in the fifth element. 


Movies are ponds of thought and inspiration. We think more likely like movies. 


Luc Bresson, truthful great movies. 


“May the blood of the martyrs, be the seed for a revived Church”.


I may write a line about her, and then forget who “her” is. Lines are apart from memory, through they came from it. 
They tend to stick with you much longer after writing for a while. 


Thoughts come from memory but can’t get back from it. 


Nothing is unsolvable. The logic of this world answers to this world. If it can be done, it can be undone. The present moment is permanent. 
Presence will fix any troubles of the past and future. 


The differenec lied in that I lost my faith. 


If Jesus did it, you can do it. You can unlock then code. 


Ser somos, aun si no nos damos cuenta de que somos. 


Exporto en txt la ultima version del documento. 


La naturaleza sana. 


A veces queremos enfrentarnos a nuestros pensamientos. 


Let answers come on their own (time).


Time is the unconscious processing. 
Mind behaves in a certain way that is not accesible to us unless we accept it. What we figure out is time. 


Destiempo relativo. 


This cannot but blow up. 


The postman, great animated movie. 


His spirit was still there. 


Where do you feel it? How is it indicative?


Voy a actuar como si no me juzgaran. 


Yo puedo hacer como que ustedes creen cosas de mi que no creen. 


Buena gente la que va a los recis. 


They lazy and don’t want to put their experiences into words. It is a waste of time, if they work towards thought, that you want to get rid of.


Rider tècnico. 


La industria de la musica tambien te carcome. La proxima vez que vaya a esos lugares voy a ser alguien. 


“La vez anterior, es que estabas vestida diferente”, le dijo el, y ella se puso timida. 


El soy yo. 
Ella tambien puedo ser yo. 


Capibara records.


Cuando la gente se te caga de risa por tu talento cuando no sos nadie, cuando sos alguien quedas resentido porque sentis que (...).


“Jesus my fucking Christ”. 


“Oh Jesus Lord, don’t talk like that”.


They have to see what to (...).


El personaje de mi pelicula nunca reacciona. 


El universo de la pelicula ya empezo a desarrollarse entre lineas. 


“Entre lineas” es el nombre de los libros. 


Llame como Romeo a Julieta. 


There are so many things you can do to make money. 


Por que quieren vivir en el ego?


La escritura tiene que ser caotica. 


Squid, the best tool for an adventurer. 


I’m a bit depressed, and my head hurts, and I’m smoking too much. 


Movements are multidimensional. 


Deberia darle los cuadernos al artista. A los que me gustan. 


Del blog, los stickers. Hago hacerlos. Los pego por todos lados. Spread the website of infinite knowledge. 


The pleasure that comes from doing the right thing lasts forever. 


I disliked the idea of getting violent. Becoming like them. But the world is set up to this. 


Welcome to New Earth. 


I don’t want to be right all the time, or fight all the time, I want to join myself in every moment and do what’s best. 


Smartes implies best. The smartest is also the best choice. But best in benefit of what?.


Un libro para Ana Portaluppi (?).


Bajate del High Horse. 


Life humbles you. 


Just an account with no posts. Just to be tagged. One in english, one in spanish. 


Between lines. 


I use available software, creatively. 


Uno no nace escribiendo. 


Leer y escribir no son de esta epoca. 


El lenguaje esta en el -1.


El lenguaje es magico y espiritual. 


A veces no me molesta olvidarme de que existen. 


El nunca tuvo las guias que encontre yo. 


Muy comodos ellos con sus cosas. 


Thanks God for the gift of realizing. Realization. 


There’s a state of pure understanding. 


Faith is believing without proof, so nothing remains unexplained. 


Aim for the middle. 


“No comas nada de la bruja”, dijo Julio. 


Julio es como Socrates, y solo a traves de los escritos de sus estudiantes conocemos de su existencia y su pensamiento. 


Julio te hace resonar. Predica el amor abiertamente. 


Are they doing this on purpose so we come out stronger? And freer?


Que tristeza me dan. 


Se trata de recuperar la fe. La fe es una habilidad.


I’m going to bother them just by existing and doing my own thing. On purpose. 


La fe es la habilidad de la creatividad. Es lo que nos permite a nosotros manifestar algo que no esta ahi. From vision to action. 


Aunque sea cierto que este lleno de reptilianos nada hace al significado menos verdadero. 


Tomar sol, ducharse con agua fria, secarse al sol, yoga. 


Caen gotas de agua de mi barba en el papel. 


Yoga is infinite and a way of life. 


Truth is alwas in the middle. 


We were all once warriors and priests.


Build a workflow on your multiple devices. 
Workflow across multiple devices. 


the name of the webpage is infinitely deep. God plays the artist. 


You can divide phrases into words. 


A character that gets angry immerses himself. And in the meantime, while being still close shot to the face. 
Marcelo. 
“What are you doing?!” and then he realises it, he had grabbed a weapon. 


A nadie le gusta que lo expongan hasta que no te importa nada. 


Tik tok la maquina de licuar cerebros. 


Esta es mi casa cultural. Be a magnet. 


Nothing but good things will happen in this place. 


I let the river wash away my concerns. I’m deeply connected to the river. 


No es que yo no les guste. Es que a mi no me gustan ellos. 


I’m going to change the world with my own hands. 


Plants for tobacco deodorant. 


I’m working because I have a purpose. 


Perfume of tobacco and whisky. Brown. Wood. 


Lanchas hacen olas que se escuchan desde la casa. 


We’ve all got the mark of the outsider. 


So random no one would know what the fuck all of this means. 


There are those wise maryrsand those fanatics. 


Es un proceso simple. Tengo siempre la ultima version de cada archivo, en .txt. La descargo cada tanto y la llevo en el pendrive con el software. 


“Tomà”, y le doy un maletin lleno de plata. 


What was I doing that everyone could tell that I was so happy and graceful. 


Like that guy that plays God in fron of his computer. Becoming it, by writing. 


People suck up your energy. The levels of experience. 


No puede ser que tu unica gratitud venga de hacer los deberes. 


“I can still play drums”. And they start chopping off his hands. 


A movie character is the spirit of me around the time I was a teenager. Just a boy. 


Proudboys. 


Dark but creative, because there’s not one without the other. 


No hay aislamiento sin repulsion. 


Many know language. Many don’t. 


It is good that it is what it is. 


Find chaos out of randomness. Specific order. 


El problema es la identificacion con los pensamientos y no los arquetipos. 


Todas las veces que me fastidio con el es porque interrumpe. La lectura que el hace siempre es otra. 


Puedo ver mi logica y mis pensamientos. 


Los que nos causan es una inmadurez mental prolongada. Arrested development. 


I can suffer wuithout being scared. 


En la universidad nos meten asco y miedo. 


Fix your eyes. Archetypal replacement. 


“What am I doing for Christ?”.
“What will I do for Christ?”.


I was an ordinary boy. 


There are things you can realise sooner or later. 


Solo hace falta saber decir algo cierto para sacar una verdad y no conocer todas las cosas. 


Esta todo en la mente. 


La verdad no es de este reino. 


Cual es la relacion del centro de la Tierra con el comienzo del universo? 


Pensar alto te da recursos para resolver situaciones mundanas o de menor orden. 


You can pile up the things you hold only. Let go to find forgiveness. 


No podes vivir pendiente de los demas.


A mi alguien al que todo le da igual no va a enseñarme como se vive una buena vida. 


Don’t listen to others, feel like it. 


Enemiga de cualquier regimen es la creatividad. 


Look at wood up-close. 


A taste of independence. 


Para ver el futuro hay que mirar al pasado, y el pasado no es nuevo. 


Armo porro sobre las hojas. 


A el le parece que se puede tener razon en las ideas. 


Think simple things. Like the guy from “post-it”.


No se le puede pedir a alguien que se ponga las pilas


El camino es el perdon porque solo reacciono contra aquellos que no perdono. Pero nos quieren resentidos. 


No hay que festejar el corso. Hay que ganarle.


La cultura se combate con mas cultura. 


I swallow sadness just like when I was BA.


Body starts detereorating. 


There’s great pleasure in being simple.


https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1oRwFleeM7RocprJqSYvFSOhYazUpq1P-


You need the freedom to worry about certain things. 


What’s the best way to live life?


What’s our place in reality? 


There’s investigation in finding out. 


Self transcendence. 


You can think without building. 


Building brings wisdom. 


Intelligence lets you be wise. 


Is and ought. 


You can see galaxies with the corner of your eyes.


Pyloerection?
Puffup. 


Experience Ame (?). Underneath rationality. 


Good at using abstraction. 


Ame gets you smarter. Monkey sees monkey does, monkey teaches. 


To teach, you have to find the way. 


Admiracion y temor son lo mismo.


Sam Harris quotes. 


Language plays a confusing role. 


Expecting oblivion: loss of experience. 


You can’t experience an absence before you are born. 


You can experience an absence. 


It is true possible to know what you don’t know. 


I keep it light. 


An echological approach to visual perception.  Book. 


Que el blog te deje ver donde mas fue utilizada la oracion o parrafo. 


Los escritores hablan de lo que se les canta la poronga. 


By not wanting something, you are wanting an absence. 


In my lucid dreams I can walk. And teleport. 


Just put things in motion. 


You can always trace everything back to God. 


After so much remembering my own songs, I had to realise that I do re-create them in my mind every time i play them. 


Si nos hubieran eseñado teologia en vez de catequesis, muchos mas serian los creyentes. 


El vano temor no puede atormentarme. 


Atormentado. Tormented. 


Una identidad extraviada. 


Make the practice to translate everything into fiction. 


There are no lies in fiction. 


Juana de Arco es importante por la fe que supo inspirar la hazaña. 


You can’t try and empty the space. It’s going to fill back up. 


Chase the spirit out of you, then fill the house. 


Brave new world. 


Redirect your attention. 


Don’t fill off that wagon. 


The desert is wild. Areas that don’t have name, no home. where demons are. And then they circle. 


Did Jesus have a girlfriend? 


It helps to read, it really helps to write. 


You strengthen your thinking through writing. 


When you talk to a group you talk to them one at a time. 


Look at the crowd. 


The crowd gives you feedback. 


Pay attention to who you are talking to. 


Wealth of social skills emerge. 


Conversation with an audience. 


Be a better communicator. 


Think, write, speak, read. 


Skills are a minimum precondition. 


Thrilled. Negociate. 


Build from the bottom up. 


People don’t vote their reality; they vote their dreams. George Orwell.


They win the kids, the adults get trapped. 


Plenty of things o not harm but are actually no good. Good is an active potentiality. 


Tolerancia y buena voluntad. 


Cuanto mejor se ve el libro en doble encolumnado. Faster to read. 
Easier to get spoilers for the anxious. 


Other titles at the back of the book. Salambò. Double caulumn text. 


Hay una palabra indicadora y una palabra narrativa. 


I pushed too far the act of not being like anyone else. I can’t do that, as we share the same nature, human nature. What does that even mean. 


Not wanting to be like others makes you antihuman. A beast.
 
Con la memoria humana volcada en palabras, nace el tiempo. 


Solo narrando se llega al conocimiento. Narrativismo. 


El lector recibira el alimento vivo dado por un espiritu creador. 


How much power is too much power?


Politicas fiscales expansivas. 


Si yo tengo fe, yo soy. 


jesus solo nos estaba contando como era el. 


No tiene solvencia ni voluntad de pago. 


Esta es la resistencia. 


No eran siempre colonia. Eran cada vez mas colonia. 


Esta es la resistencia. Re chill.


La politica o lo paga o estalla.


Creemos en los mitos sin importar sus inconsistencias. 


El amor es tolerancia y buena voluntad. 


It’s not much my style that needs expresion. It’s my escence. 


Hipotesis de los angeles rebeldes. 


Padres de la iglesia (teologos de los primeros siglos).


La causa de la caida.


Make him express himself better. 


Que asco me daba. 


El misterio de la encarnacion. 


Habla de todo. 


God himself can’t come to tell us anything. 


God can’t violate the laws of the universe. 
God is then law of the universe. 


La inteligencia de la universo esta, mas alla de nosotros. No nos necesita a nosotros para demostrarse. 


La naturaleza no necesita de nosotros para demostrarse. Pero a fin ultimo, es creer o reventar. 


Bible verses speak about whatever fits the narrative of all verses.


La soberbia de Lucifer es una hipotesis. Lucifer, “portador de luz”.


Satanas el espiritu rebelde. 


The impossible idea of avoiding pain. 


People become cruel by wantintg pain to never come back. 


You can wash the dirt off, but not dirt itself. 


You can’t derive an is from an ought.


Fallacious arguments. 


De Ana me acuerdo que me hacia reir y me parecia muy inteligente. 


Just don’t care about what you write. 


Fiction occurs while non fiction just happens. Write fiction while you write on paper. 


Puedo vender tinta. De maquina de escribir. 


To settle is for you to start building. 


I write with the thermus between my legs. 


Se empieza del resultado (0) y despues se hace la operacion. Se iguala a 0 porque 0 es la totalidad.


Do the book in no specific order. 


You can’t help it, it’s already happening. 


I’m just tripping and writing, just after it is that I realise that I realise that I really enjoyed that thought. 


In appearence, they make movies just like true artists. It almost looks like it is, but it is, only in appearence. 


Riddles diddles. 


Write compulsively. 


Dedicate the time to see what’s best to buy.


The rise to power is a process.


Ayudalos a ser creativos y van a rever todas sus creencias. 


A nivel atomico espiritual, spirits. 
A nivel subacuatico, memoria(n-a-t-u-r-a-l-e-z-a).
A nivel emergente, pensamiento(m-a-t-e-r-i-a). 


La droga se esta comiendo al mundo. 


Ola de suicidios masiva. 


Me amargaba saber que podria morir estando asi. 


Algunos eligen el camino de la politica cuando todo esta bien y otros lo eligen cuando todo esta mal. 


La izquierda piensa que lo importante es que las cosas se hagan. No importa como. 


Marvel los hace heroicos. 


Nunca es dura la verdad. Lo que no tiene es remedio. 


Hay que educar el buen uso. No prohibir. 


Calvinist’s pastor. 


Theosis. 


Salvation is a moral change. There is no transformation of the being itself. 


Make god flourish through creativity.


We couldn’t help but create.


Party level activists. 


Psychological motivation.


People aren’t just driven by economic concerns. 


Economic determinism is not a good starting point. 


We are not ruled by our bellies. 


Political/sociological(collective)
vs
Psychological/Spiritual(individual).


The history of the unconscious. Henry allanberger? 


It is always a pain to fight through a conflict. If you can fight through it, you can make peace and then you don’t have the conflict. 


You don’t like a conflict differed. 


Conflict differed makes you weaker and the conflict stronger. Seven will appear when before there was one. 


Tarea magna de la construccion nacional. 


Life requires no effort for the outer. It’s all because of the inner. 


No puedo evitar darme cuenta de las cosas. 


El arte del buceo psicologico. 


Socrates precursor espiritual de Jesus. 


La tradicion es arquetipica. Me entero de alguien, conozco y sigo. 


The wisest said “I only know that I know nothing” because he was the wisest. No need for being consciously ignorant. 


There is a need of knowing an a not need for not knowing. 


We need fresher thougths. 


I imagine the worst and make it part of my myth. 


Las obras ocultas de la propaganda. 


We are not working with something. We are everything we work with at the same time. 


An author reveals its psyche. 


Operating in a vacuum for having no reference points. The relief of knowing there’s a human nature. 


From the top down. 


Si fuera como dicen, no acertarian en sus predicciones. 
Aciertan en sus predicciones porque no es como dicen. 


“No, I don’t want you to pick me up. It’s just a storm.” Horror short story. 


Todo en su lugar puede estar fuera de la convencion.
Convencion: existe tal cosa? O es lo mas que puedo aspirar a llamarle a eso en lo que creo que la mayoria cree. 


The world is made from attention. 


I’d like them to see what I see, not that they become who I am. I don’t want others to be like me. Authenticity. 


Build habits. Replace bad ones with good ones. 


Estoy pero no se donde. Siento la presencia aunque no se donde. 


Voy a hacer los forros de los cuadernos con papel de diario. 


No se viaja con guia. Se es solo.


Siempre un fuego prendido para quemar escritos impulsivamente. 


Honesty? Why would I use it in my writings? To be humorous I have to play a role. Nothing is true. 


The creative mindset is the best mindset. 


Nothing is true.


Death is nothing for us. 


Death is the end of experience. 


Live now so you can refresh experience. 


Death and rebirth.
Cycles.


We are identical to our experience. 


Blue pen bic is mine. 


They don’t want people to climb the social status ladder. 


Can you make yourself remember something? Yes, by thinking of it. 


Se los pinto como lo veo, y me entienden. 


God masculina has sons of God. 
God feminine has daughters of God. 
Androginy? There’s nothing like it. What’s the archetype for it?


El negro me trajo una manzana que de otra forma no habria comido. 


A veces me acuerdo de lo que en su momento me olvide de decir. Es decir, de lo que deberia haber dicho. 


Aprendo mucho de la interaccion Sam Harris - JBP.


Your soul is fighting mediocrity.


Control, domination, power. 


Journalying is important. 
Read the terrible stuff that happened to you. 


Journal your healing and your suffering. 


The world’s most mysterious book. 


The Voynich Manuscript. 


A bookseller. 


Some signs are unreadable. 


Universal laws of grammar. 


For me, the most fun part. Creativity. 


Como queda queda. Dejar ir. 


The world throws things at you. 


Turn everything into well being. 


Don’t look at the world; don’t reflect it. Irradiate. 


Whether they exist or not, they are an inspiration. 


It is the qualities that matter. 


You have to look at life as a whole. 


There’s no transformation on being. Only on becoming. 


Como estara la abuela para subir las escaleras. 


“Muchas gracias por llamarme” :(.


Escucho grabaciones recientes me transcribo textos viejos. 


Memory is image/sound associated. 


Live smell in the present moment. 


Smell the present moment.


El pensamiento cientifico se queda corto. Filtra un monton de creencias. 


La mayuscula es el comienzo. 


Sneaky puppy.


I see my friend’s evolutions. 


El anular derecho arranca en la L.


El tinno juntando la mugre. Lo conoces a conocelo? Marcelo se llama. 


Tengo que llegar a pagar el gas, la comida. 


We just all want a relief. 


Hasta las manchas del mate se ven lindas, artisticas. Es como el arte japones. Ceniza y mate. Lo apoyo arriba de las hojas. 


There’s pleasure in real life mixing. Crickets louder than speaker. 


Choose the best life. 


The best life can’t be bad. You may be wrong about what’s best. 


Voy a ir rompiendo los libros para hacer tapas cuando no me queden ya ningunas.


With triangles, I can build more complex shapes. 


Mikhaila.


Your skin will heal. 


Every body is different.


That’s just her body. 


I’ve only experienced thought here. 


A librarian’s best tools are his hands. 


Search between pages with grace. Not with just eyes. 


Reading at mass can make you feel that connection with books. 


It is fine that I didn’t believe (through) them and what they said because they were stupid AF.


Tragando lineas imaginarias con las manos el librero. En los libros. Representan relaciones. 


Juego con todo. 


Fishing thoughts. 


You fish thoughts. 


Fishing a metaphore for fishing thoughts. 


Birdwatching as spiritual prayer. 


Cada uno perfecciona su propio arte. 


Birdwatching is a spiritual experience. 


Life has all that is human to offer. Don’t go full godlike. 


You already know god but you do not know earth. 
Know earth, that’s why you are here. 
The only inevitable thing is at the same time the purpose. 
To know what doesn’t remain unknown.
 
Desayune un guaymayen simple blanco y toque el cielo. 


Por que es tan imporatnte hablar de Dios desde las escrituras? Por que no pueden intentar explicar ustedes que es. 


Usa tus propias palabras. Lecciones que daria. 


Cobro dimension de mi cuerpo.


Nadie piensa que va a terminar asi, solo hace falta caminar los pasos. 


“Me dijeron que fumabas” le dice mientras el abre el paquete del la pipa de regalo. 


Su realidad no es la realidad pero las realidades se contagian. 


Yo todo lo que aprendia se los mostraba a mis amigos. 


Hay un lapiz para cada mano (derecha). 
Hay un lapiz para cada mano (izquierda). 


Siempre me gusto mas el lapiz. Aun para escribir. 


Cada letra escrita produce siempre el mismo sonido. 


Quizas este lapiz es muy grueso para escribir. 


Te enseñan a leer o escribir depende como quieren que seas. 


En el alma no hay tiempo. Es la mente la que procesa y ordena el tiempo. Tiempo es existencia y es Dios. 


Una clase donde cada alumno escribe lo que le parece. Solo aprende de lo que el mismo piensa. 


Las religiones miran el misterio. Son operadores de la oscuridad. 


Todos pueden trascender su sitaucion. 


De la oscuridad. “Ya es viejo eso, pertenece al viejo orden” dijo Julio. 


“Reprobacion eterna”.


Los diablos y lso condenados. 


El “temor a Dios” es del hombre a la energia femenina de Dios, y de la mujer a la energia masculina de Dios. 


Nos quieren volver humildes. No se los vamos a permitir. 


Evil is not me. Good is not me. 


God is unordered. 


Hay conceptos positivos de lo incorporeo. 


Son cuadrados y circulos los que componen esta matrix. 


CEO.


The Lion Diet. 


Aprender a dejar ir. 


De un trazo y con gracia. Como el zu mi e. 


Cuantos son 8 gigas de internet. 


En dibujo, cada trazo sigue una linea imaginaria, curva. 


Spirit contains all shapes. 


Todos los diarios, seriados. 


Books I’m reading are books I’m meditating on.


He’s becoming a robot. 


En la parte de adentro de la tapa tiene que ahber un simbolo. 


Las tapas compuestas de libros en frances, en ingles y en diarios y libros en español. Tiene que ser random. 


Los dieseños de las tapas, todos diferentes. 


Every economic journey is different. 


Las saco cuando las necesite. A las hojas para armar la tapa. Depende de a que refiera la tapa. 


Volver a lo analogico. A la gloria de las maquinas. Donde al mirar podias deducir su funcionamiento. 


Volve a tu cuerpo y estaras a salvo. 


De un librero, las mejores herramientas son sus manos. 


Me hice consciente de la pirueta mental.


Estoy muy drogado y no puedo escribir. 


Esta birome es una poronga. 


Esta birome te hace sentir mejor el papel. 


Esta birome no es una poronga.


I can contradict myself. I don’t care about what’s true from what I believe. Beliefs aren’t everlasting. They change, they wash. 


Cuando el alumno esta preparado el maestro llega. 


Cuando el alumno esta preparado el maestro aparece. 


Siento que no me da el tiempo para hacer nada: ninguna de mis cosas. 


With weed, voices get louder. 


No matter how crazy your story is, I will believe it. 


La mecanografia hizo que yo no desarrollara mi forma de tipear. Crei que usaba tres dedos porque escribia mal, en vez de darme cuenta de que de la forma que yo escribia (dedo indice y medio en las teclas. Pulgar en la barra. Anular en el de borrar y suprimir. El meñique en el enter. 


Hago sellos en mis hojas con lo que encuentro. Cenizas, yerba. 


La diferencia no esta en como piensan. Esta en lo que piensan. 


Always engineering. Trying to improve myself. 


I could wear a suit, but that’s not the image I want to give. 


Arranco el tipeo desde que la primer oracion de cada parrafo empieza con mi meñique derecho en el Shift para la primera mayuscula.                                                                


Leader not the one that wants followers but the one that goes its own way. 


Software to add paragraph to any given text. 
You can send your paragraphs into the void. Come back to the last paragraph you sent (in case you fucked up). 


The revolution of sound starts somewhere. Synths.


Deposito su confianza para no tener que hacer de padre.


Beautiful melodies. 


Have you never consider yourself to be weird?


Lastima siente. Que fuerte. 
Como sale el amor de la lastima. 


Words will wash my brain. 


Nos vemos, si no nos hacemos invisibles. 


I haven’t thought something clever in a while. 


Bands of today are great influences of tomorrow. 


The one shot in the head needed.


I wish I had all the answers. 


El hombre que duda es del pasado. 


Que lastima hay que sentir por alguien que vive de la compasion. 


With games, you meditate a lot about death. You confront a situation. You either have the resources to go through it, or you may, at its worst, die. 


Arthur, a dying man. 


The chalice is death. The minimum divine substance put throughout this world. 


Forwarded
Psylocibe cubensis Nepal chitwan
Eso fue lo que consumimos anoche amigos
Va acompañado mucho de la persona también y el estado en que se encuentre
Te consume mucha energía
Sisi cuando comes siempre hacelo tendiendo un día para reponerte
O sea te cansa físicamente la experiencia pero te renueva el espíritu por completo
Una vez que te recuperas volves con toda
Es impresionante
Pero es así
Toma a toma varía
Lo que ves o escuchas
Depende mucho del entorno
Mucho
Cuando cetras los ojos ahí se pica todo
En silencio y con los ojos cerrados es increíble
Yo llegue a escuchar una orquesta sinfónica
Alta locura
Va mucho con la respiración
Es re importante respirar
Paso la data por si a alguien me interesa 🙌🏽


La mano va suelta but ready to engage.


Humour, what is it. 
Beauty what is it. To play beautifuly you need to meditate first on what beautiful means.


I show you what kind of God I am. 


I am as well my shadow. And the faster I recognise it, the sooner Ill be whole.


Recicla lo que escribas, hacelo bonito.


At the second hour under the half moon by the great love and grace of our savior kuhkowaba, voytager of time and galaxies. We cas off our corporal shells, so his vessel can take our spirits to the promised realm. To live in peace and power until the two thousandth year, when we will treturn for the new chosen and worship once again at the peak of mount shann. 
In his love we rejoice always.


Sense of self worth.