Smoking not to smoke but to smell. Like a sahumerio. 


I smoke slowly alone because the rhythm is slowly. I should only smoke inside. Inside a house. Maybe not even mine. 


Toxic people put us out of integrity. 


Big to subtle. 


Shame is not bad. Guilt is. 


El se achica solo. Aun cuando nadie lo achica. 


Still picture and the ASMR track.


Impressive how much a still picture can say. 


I’m sometimes not at the same place as my recorder is. I can edit what I don’t want. Like those times where you’d get your ears pierced. 
Above zero with no limit and no limiter. 


Una garza marron acaba de cruzar volando por la ventana y se puso en el parque. Abri la ventana y se fue a la mierda. Que tan agudo es el oido de los pajaros? Si cantan todo el dia. Lo unico que quieren es cantar. 


We don’t like lying.


Auditive spectrum. What is it. In animals. 


Cringe. Fear. Sadness. Congruent. 


Behave like a human being. 


In real life you are in the neutrals. Alone, you are in the extremes. 


You are always alone but you’d never want to. 


It is very hard to fake competence and warmth. 


Master your cues. 


It only takes one day that you aren’t energized enough to act top notch. 


Deep voice. Competent. 


Circuncition has an evolution. I should be able to merrge dreams. 


People that won’t let you think otherwise, are abusive. 


Covert narcissists. 
Friends and family. Many of them. All surround them. 


Fake warmth cues. 


I’m not even trying to be good. It’s my way to be happy. I’m happy when I’m good to the world. When I’m above myself. When I’m dominating over me. When I can express. And go through art. 


I don’t believe into fake it till you make it. 


Focus on your authentic self. 


Appreciate about them what is competent. 


Todas las mitologias son mitologias personales. 


ASMR meditation. I only do my things with no talking. 


People do forget. And I won’t judge them.


Listening to them is playing with respect. 


Being transparent when you are at peace. That’s when you are being. Your true self. 
And all possibilities. What would you choose?  “The matrex is about every choice”.


Social cues. 


Slow nodding is continue. Fast nodding is wrap it up. 


Secret non verbal cues between guys. 


Through a particular know the general. 


The hanged man sees all things from the opposite side. 


Hanging upside down the neck is at relieve. 


No hay lugares donde colgarse. No muchos. It is a world for the standing. 


Be able to stop the angry men. 


No eo nada de malo en la gente que le gusta valerse por si misma. 


Be strong enough to change the dynamics. 


Charm. Charisma. Confidence. Curiosity. 
Traits of narcissists. 


Charisma and empathic. Unicorns of the human being. 


It’s all a front game. 


You should revisit whatever you didn’t learn from. It’s your responsibility. 


It is good to have a good trip audibly. But quality ain’t all. Heart over quality. 


They rationalize interrupting. 


La verdad que no. 


La verdad. La verdad que no. 


As a poet I knew how to be gentle. 


We pursued different paths. 


I eat while I cook. Bite by bite. Every bite as the first. They put family first. I put love first. To every single thing you do. If you don’t love it, leave it (alone).


Saddistic. Paranoid.


Threshold. Malignant. Manipulative. Charming up front. Like to be aggressive in intimacy. 


What can’t be loved, leave it alone. 


La diferencia esta en como te lo pintan. 


I don’t know what forgiving is. 


Either a warrior or a priest. 


There’s magic in raw recording. That’s what they show you, that’s traumatizing. Raw material. 
Impressionism is raw.


Everything means. Nothing is surreal. 


Cada vez te bajan mas la vara de lo que es estar mal. 
Vara = threshold. 


No te dejan estar mal. Invalidan tus sentimientos. Materialismo histórico es el narcisismo politico. 


The psychology of politics.


Dont’ defend. Don’t engange. Don’t explain. Don’t personalize. 
Keep it tight. 
They are going to bait you. They go for everything. 


When you are fighting, they are fighters. 


Narcissism is consistently associated with aggression. They want the fight. 


They are always creating the third. Creating jealousy. 


Jealousy is common. Pair bonded. Monogamous.


Evolutionary jealousy. 


Pathological jealousy. Paranoia. Negative mood states. 


You can love everyone. You just need to understand true love; the recognition of self in others. 


This is just the American family. Raised by TV.


There’s only order in the multiplicity of particulars.


Their utility. 


Grandiosity. Easily wounded. 


Passive aggressive jealousy.


Incredibly warm and loving and incredibly cruel. 
Like a split personality. But it’s not. 


They are going to use things against you when you are vulnerable.


They didn’t get their needs met. Neglected. Narcissistic parents. 
Rebel against the parents that didn’t get their needs met. 


They take the traits of the parent that was with the narcissistic. 


People that can’t self regulate. 
Rage. Impulsivity. 


Angry yeller. 


You become like them. This is your connection to them.


The wish never dies, that we could be close to our parents. 


I talk to much. Just like her. Extraverted, just like her. But with security, authenticity and personality. 


I don’t feel close to my parents. Not entirely.
I do appreciate what’s of me because of them. 
Close but unaware. 


What point there is to writing if I can’t enjoy it.


Looked the stuffed bocal (?).


You go to therapy for the people that refuse to get therapy. 


Resistance to change. To treatment. 


Ser impresionable para despues ser impresionante. 


Isola. Island.


“I’m the victim of all this other people”. 


Your name should be deep gold and orange. 


Rhetoric: what someone says vs what someone means. 


Internal affairs. 


“If you hurt me; I have the right to hurt you back”.


Idiot compassion and wise compassion. 


“If a fight breaks out in every bar you are going to maybe it’s you”.


People give information in the more innocuous questions, which you can later use in the most sinister ones. Not viceversa. 


Deeper come from superficial. 


Innocence Franconegro. 


David Lynch. Lynching. 


They kill to send a message. 


No self reflection. 


Erratic, yet through.


Geopolitical entities. 


Knowing you know is thinking. 


Different mediumsof conceptualization. We all have them. Mine is written. 


La inteligencia es aqui y ahora. 


Creencias de mi mismo me limitan.


Locked down by the spells of the world. 


The world still functions. 


The de facto police is La Campora. 


Self organized peace corps. 


You can influence change in another person. 
Do things differently. So dynamic already change. 
Make it easier for them to change. Do not engage. 


It is about who’s pain is greater. Competing with pain. With wounds. 


They get into the nucleus. 


Antecentenial nostalgia. 


Would I like to teach. What? 


Paises con inflacion hay cinco. 


Deberia traer ideas de afuera, en español.


She is in my life, a stain. 


Talk about everything as it comes. 


Reality as it comes. Fate. 


Con pedacitos subtitulados. 


My raw material is just mine. 


Each chapter as an NFT.


The NFT is the only one that exists in the metaverse. 


I have to sell and for me to sell I need people. 


Todo queda en pendientes. 


The power is written in my hands. 
The power is holding in my hands. 
The power is in my hands. 


I make videos because no one is going to listen. 


There’s the mind/body contradiction. That’s why you listen to the heart. 


A game from the perspective of the heart, if both hands/arms are separated. 
Heart camera. And two hands. Click to stretch. E to hold. 


Everything I remember at the time I should download to add. 


The black screen should be God swimming over dark waters. 


You can entangle. 


That’s what it means, the lens of body is sensitive and inferior to the lens of mind. Mind is infinite. Body is temporary. 


Recognise as real so you can deal with it. 


Maybe existence just ends here. 


She’ll understand more about the mysteries than he does. 


No one likes certainties. All like wonders. 


The ability to be amazed; we may lose it. But never the capacity. 


Turn out the candle so you aren’t crazy anymore when you finish the ritual. 


What is wrong is absorbing minds. Making others go through you. 


El me avergonzaba de chico. 


It’s not your choice that I’m here. 


The one that didn’t conceive. Virgin. 


Victimized rant. 


It is not personal. It is impersonal. 


Intelligence is impersonal. 


God is not a person, but impersonal.


Issues; we all have them. Many don’t know how to deal with them.


A father figure to them. 


I don’t want to go back there, because it’s dark. 


Decontextualized phrases.


Do for your own well being. 


sensual pleasure won’t grant you well being. 


It’s been a while since I’m not out.


Excercis/workot to discharge. 


I’ve moved past that. Now there’s the next thing. 


Who’s prosecuting you?


A hand reaching through the window. 


In tarot you have to connect the dots. 


I’d have to design the deck myself. 


There’s no comfort only when I don’t know how to stop. 


Writing, reading and thinking all happen in the present moment. 


She broke me once, there’s the possibilty that she could do that to me again. 
Only if I engage. 
It requires two to play the game. 


She talked shit about me, to him. 


All that is left to do is work.
So work will set you free. Work is not only inner. Is intentional movement of forces. 


The heart is your best guide. 


All is in the way. 


I should clean this place (rancho).


Be branded a pariah. 


Being a degenerate is not being who you were. 


Clarity creates ease.


The channel will fulfil its purpose. 


The pariah principle. Moral foolishness. 


Good and Evil. Black and white. 


Pariah: highly moralistic tune (time?).


Can you suspend morality.


He that is not with me is against me. Matthey 12.30. King James. 


Not every philosophy is ontological. Many wanderers find complex problematics about the material that need resolution in the actuality of things. 


A book is not a book. A book is a discovery.


A book is a book. 


Solution: what works for both sides. The righteous brings the wrecked. Aim to the middle. Equilibrium. 


To the earth what is from the earth. 


Appeasement. 


Principalities. 


Authoritarian regimes build legitimacy.


What I once knew, I now know. 


The pleasure of smoking does not come from hurting yourself. 


I have the right to remain silent. 


Moral foolishness -> amorality. 


Offer your ooponent a difnified retreat. 


what are the principalities. 


Popol Vuh. 


Optimal moral states. 


Living in agreement with nature. ice vs virtue. 


Childrenn of Zeus are the spirits of God. 


Agreement our nature, the nature and fate. 


Wisdom. 
Judgement. 
Courage.
Moderation. 
Four cardinal values. 
.
Foolishness.
Injustice.
Cowardice. 
Intemperance. 
Four cardinal vices. 


1. fighting fate: provides outcome that we don’t always like. 


They keep us in total desbelief. 


Change our attitude towards the good. 


Fighting fate is foolishness.  A foolish vice to fight a battle that is already lost. 


Stubborness to fight a fight that from the start been lost. 


Assume that things were bound to happen. 


You can misread the recording and retry. editing is posterior. First there’s that. 


Justice: 
piety
honesty
equity
fair dealing.


Laziness is not natural state. 


Were you born to feel nice? No moderation. More than enough. 


Not moderate is talking more than what’s enough. 


I’m a ritualistic smoker. I smoke in times of solitude and thinking. 


Laziness a form of cowardice. Muscles and brain meant to be used. 


Eudaimonia. 
Prosperidad. Florecimiento humano. 


Lust is not just sexual but mental. 


Anything in excess becomes a fault. 


Eudaimonia. 
Constant state of being-well (en) daimonia spirit. 


Virtue is condition necessary but not sufficient. 
 
Living in accordance with nature. Eudaimonia. 


Being virtuous is enough. 


Virtue is something you learn. It requires knowledge to be virtuous. 


Absence of pain and absence of concerns. Audaimonia. Salvation. 


I want to make the stoics proud. 


How do you make them listen? Obviously yelling won’t do it. 


I didn’t care about beautiful. 


Beautiful ain’t going to go away after you die. 


The lens through which I was processing it all. 


She had a pretty strong idea of how things were supposed to be. 


It’s my models that lift me up. The ones that stand now and the ones that stood before me. 


Find better ways to smoke. 


The importance of tradition is given when family disappoints. 


I liked him until he told us childish. As he was behaving like an “adult”. Too rigid. 


The Kingdom of God, except through me. 


The biggest shadow is my self. 


One thing is thinking, other, understanding. 


It goes beyond all selves. 


I still like him, but fame changes you. 


Do we “dress like children” because we don’t wear a suit? 


Always the werid one. 


Humanity enslaves you, because even when you manage to stay free from it, now you want to give something back. 
You are pulled back in. By invisible forces. The forces of will.


That’s what happened because the only implication is me. 


how far from the I are your thoughts. 


People that die from a movie generates the myth.  If you believe it, the myth is true. If you don’t you keep doubts. 
What you don’t believe is (always) false, what you believe is (always) true. 


Belief is a voluntary process with a hidden mechanism. 


Familiar relationships deeply rooted in hell. 


We are just an I. Everything else is a mystery. Even though we are not the only thing that exists. 


What would be Johnatan Pageau’s idea of Trinity. 


Who’s Christ in relation to God. 


All we have is personal mythology. 


No matter how deep, someone already got there. 


English is an escape. 


Many are not humorous. Not joy. 


Move away from names. 


Make joy your natural state. 


When I feel bad it’s because I forget to let go. No matter how important you think it is. You are dying. Nothing is urgent. Do as you will. Will yout best. 


I will my best. 


Absorb the sun to get joy. 


You don’t eat with strangers. 


That was my table. Rotten. Unloved. Hateful. Abandonement. Threats. Discussion. Yelling. That was the communion. Narrow the lens past all symbologies and find out the center is you. I.


My philosophy only works as a whole. The entire mechanism is dynamic. The first line you read is the center of the entire idea. From that, you move. You expand. You reach. It ends wherever you stop reading. 


Portals are the space/time dimensions in which you are in the same uninterrupted state. Where you can flow with the dreams and achieve something. Accomplish the enclosure of any chapter of your life, from remaining still. 


I shouldn’t care what’s written. And I do care very little the more that I write. 


Careless gets you kill. But should I care? 


It’s okay to go against the grain. 


“Blood of the covenant is thicker than the water of the womb”. 


You choose your own family. Accountability from the people in your life and what is serving you. 
Readjust and move on.


So little in spirit. Not in age. 


Greater spirits in smaller vessels. 


That can’t break your spirit. 


es muy importante saber que 


the body is symbolic


what do you believe? according to nature


find center. not full body, not full mind.


faith is not useful for logic and reason. faith is temporary. faith as pure imaginative belief. 


they don’t get how a man from another country ould express those things so well. the thing was, no one else could. he had words for what he knew. and what he thought about. inconsciente (shadow). 
subconsciente (creencias).
consciente (pensamientos). 
Jung.


Find ways to build paragraphs. 


Subconsciente todo lo que paso por el consciente pero fue descartado. Como un boomerang, vuelve. 


cual es el punto de las mayusculas, los puntos y los signos de pregunta


you read this book only with a software. 
for now it is only for reading. 
in the future it will help you with the writing. 


La mente no funciona sola y a cada uno le toca lo que le toca. 


“We didn’t know we wre creating good memories, we were just having fun”. 
Winnie the Pooh. 


Pedazo de pooh.


I could teach about Spirit through Harry Potter. 


The answer is through them. 


Through: not exactly like watching. 


what’s me but not me is a brother or sister. 


brothers and sisters instead of protons and electron. 


“Sos tan desagradable”. 
She was disgusted by me. 


Y del padre viene el perdon.


the flood is already gone. 


God is also in the vice. 
Why separate it. 
Why name it differently. 
It’s all within God. 
Nautre is raw, cruel and also chaotic armonious. 


Talking about averages is stupid. it is what it is. 


Johnatan not wanting to read Jung, I didn’t like that. 
Discarding without reading. 
Willingfully ignorant. 


An entire book insulting his persona won’t invalidate his philosophies. 


Los periodistas solo se meten en la vida de los demas. 


La excesiva bondad. 


Everything in excess becomes a fault. 


They go there and get deep knowledge. 


Dreams are there to gather deep truths. 


The dream of the white cat. His father was there. Hugo. Who knows what else. There was no room in the stove. The fire was there but also many other things. So the parrilla wouldn’t enter. He encountered three cats, but the one following him was a white female.


The interpretation is mine. 
interpretation belongs to me.


no caps no dots
beginnings and endings are illusory


nature is dirt


only through her


me aparto para encontrar el sesgo


los de afuera son de palo


imaginary is truer than reality


live in your fantasy as long as it is not dangerous


the call of the heroe is inner


they talk to the I in you


there’s no separation
they say
every subject is interchangeable
I say


your mind is an interesting place
once you get to know it


you could say 
the present moment is the only thing that exists
and it won’t be not true


writing is like any other vice
only it’s good


god has no counterpart
god is the counterpart


god is its own shadow 


we are here to make sacrifices
discovering the counterpart of the shadow
unveiling
there’s suffering in it
we push it back
we fight back
since we now believe blindly
that knowledge is good
and the only way to virtue


la diferencia esta en donde ponen el foco


dios y el diablo se unen
no es una posicion de subordinacion a dios si no de reflejo


son todo reflejos y sombras


you can choose to live in your bubble
it’s just weak


the greatest god is the biggest dreamer


en la escritura uno se juega todo


evadiendo el centro pero siempre escribiendo acerca suyo 
.
miss the target
circle around it
you’ll get to know it
and let you carry you
deep down
it still goes
no end at sight
absorbed
the more you cry
your ashes turn to mud


poetry is a delight to read
it’s about finding music in wording


they know about the mysteries as much as I do


the demiurge 
is the catholic god
above
only half of all
when you know
god is all
when god is all
you are christ


find musicality in what’s already written


the true self is the I


I is 1


fierceful creativity


ego is not all that there is


you can watch something or watch through it
lenses, you see through


truth is always somewhere in between


spirit is the totality of dreams that contains us


do wasps feel pain
it seems like they do


she never sinned
she’s a slave of the words
she did it because 
it was necessary
or so she was told
by her only friend


the dangers of believing someone else’s words


only through the particular we experience the general (abstract, understand).


she sell too high of a price


it’s about forgetting and coming back to the same logics


it is a battle of great minds


avispas are not just a threat 


whatever threatens you, is weakness of your character
outside of yourself nothing can insult you


romantizar falsos ideales puede llevarte por mal camino


no need to be close to people with the connection there is now
deeds get done from anywhere


powerful writers changed the most ideas
Aristotle
Seneca
Marcus Aurelius


States come  to determine the rigidity of law that should be equal to all, and they call for the law, arbitrarily


it’s the purest grey that is always true


what is the purest grey


the reset is always true


preaching for the wasps


what is a limitant belief? 
I is the only thing that is not


anxiety is not the natural state
uncertainty has two sides
anxiety: risk
excitement: opportunity


you can see both risk and opportunity
from there you deduce the cost of your decisions


there’s nothing you can discard really


“I believe”
the only thing that is true since it’s the only thing I build upon


knowledge is built upon belief


it all depends on what you believe
there will always be doubts


ego is the manifestation of my self


I chose to keep (the right to hold) my doubts 


ridiculing your ribvals won’t work forever


competence can’t be faked


forgiving is moving past that


the things I said, 
I only said them once


Crazy Mary.


the split screen. 
four sides


philosophers write words but in their heads there were images


pitch black absorbes light
pure white contains all light
gray contains the equilibrium of both
balance
moderation
tragicomedy
truth


truth ain’t ugly nor beautiful
it’s in the grey areas


so many good musicians


Humans are grey gods


I don’t make an effor believing things I don’t


they bring out the documents that benefit their narratives


there are always bigger terms enclosing those smaller ones


my life’s work


crees que no sabes nada porque vivis en la multiplicidad


to believe in unity is to believe in I


all, both good and bad, is shown to you


their suffering won’t transform you


they made us put the focus in another ones


you both experience god and be god at the same time


anchor in truth so that you’ll never be lost


who knows which words hold truth, if we say tree and they say arbol


ultimately
words doesn’t mean
we do


words are a medium
like money is


to know how the worlds works you need to know how the mind works


the world was built upon the image of mind
not the mind upon the image of the world
not once you know free thought
Creativity


El conocimiento especializado antes de expandir estrecha.


te obligan a meterte en politica con tanta pelotudez


I could hire editors that edit the chapters. On fiver. See what happens.


The Queen of Heaven. 


You can understand things at a lower level if you want to. 


la cabeza de medusa era una que era siempre diferente.


Medusa is 
Babadook
Mamma
Carrie


 everything complex we do in steps


doing wrong in good’s sake


truth gets you that reaction


lower principles getting power for themselves


pagan gods are not wrong
god of war
michael


what’s of an artist if he’s scared of (an) idea


a familiar sensation washes over you


records


they implant the doubt, then give the questions


005 1944 298


my inland empire


everything new you find out is experience


what’s up with the oddly familiar


gaming is about discovering


we don’t know from what direction letters come from


“no one is entitled to be ignorant”
is the phrase of a fixer
.
don’t be a fixer, 
so you won’t see only problems


interview and documentaries by parts. 
uncovering darkness, all by audio alone


I can play with the ambiences and sound effects.
reconstruct a story, as if I was a detective of the police force


bring back audiotheatre


every episode a new beginning


reconstructing life


complexities are done,
step by step
.
not just one way
but one next step


not giving any names in the videos


Mary Magdalene understood Jesus the right way


You are obsessed with sadness and with frivolous pop culture


ancient brains rest in their slender skulls


I’ve got a slender skull


the beauty and the mystery


Sage wisdom


Ashen


you can never know what a writer believes based on what he wrote


they want us to comply to their interpretation of the world


communism is about what we have in common
diversity
difference
authenticity
reality
truth
belief
philosophy


Alcohol, tobacco and potatoe.


political amoeba


superstate


rose water


82000 year history on this planet


parietal and frontal lobe ridden with holes. 
a spongelike mass of daemenetia, hallucinations and paranoia


suffocating potato stench


find what is confusing in these lines.
that’s a reader’s job, 
not the author’s


lines can be faked
competence can’t 
not for long
at least


what is the race enigma?


Internalize what you have heard


“To serve is noble”


genetic dreams (ancient)


the semenese strategy


spreading trade networks to dominate culturally, the world


what’s the suffering necessary


media works in our dissonance


contemplating race extinction


phrenologic grid


conceptualization is abstracting and grouping information


you’ve got eyes on you


it’s the same me that was in that body, all those years ago


however much you feed the leech, the leech


 was a broken kid before I was ten years old”


el inocente


overt
covert
narcissist


hebraic spirit? 
jesus didn’t have it


I’m the one only because I exist only in me
 
there’s no need for preocupation


they made me believe their normality


the body does not listen to bullshit


i won’t label it, but it wasn’t pretty


look at the good and the bad


there are multiple aspects in the meaning of a memory


intimacy:
depth
consistency
valuing closeness


it should be a connective and safe space


intimacy anorexia


it did not feel okay


most of it didn’t feel okay


what are feelings if not beyond words


all the knowledge that there is is cryptic


vender paquetes en pendrive
con software y lenguaje creado


syntax highlighting, inline error checking, and auto-completion


a programming language only for writers


the best answers are often found in the quietest places


pre mixed is always better


name everything


a fly rociated with smoke


la reverb es para la mezcla del momento


hago proyectos y les saco todo lo que puedo


do longer loops


erase what’s unnecessary


en los bajos todo se mezcla


hoy proyecto nuevo.
a la mierda


cierro las cortinas. Con lo del otro dia medio que saue un disco


I move between projects


In this journal there are things of value, and things that are not


sometimes you have to just leave it be and learn more before you can come back to it


our dimensions of space are limited. 
if you can perceive a chair you can perceive the universe or an atom


dimensions of perceptions are discovered


todas las sesiones organizadas


reptilian eyes


dates of files in names of folders
files named generically zoomxxx


I now grasp the logic behind folders. 
of computers i’m just a user


learn to listen to others


puedo samplear cualquiera


puedo cambiar el pitch


hago back up en disco de lo que samplee


grabo muchos graves por estar cerca


si no tengo tabaco… “y bueno, que le voy a hacer”.


“si no tengo”


cada escritor es un laberinto


writers themselves are finding their way through words


La organizacion requiere decision


la mezcla es emparchar errores 


one take EP’s


projects are meant to get lost. files aren’t


i have a problem a i can’t choose everytime to break free.  
but hey, 30 days build a habit


everything can happen but I won’t feed it


feed the beast and find out. 
treat yourself with the respect you deserve.  
be scared of yourself
we are not in times of relaxation,
we are in times of resistance.
peace will prevail


smoking is movement when everything is still


deberia invertir en discos externos


clear lights


I express how i saw it the moment i saw it. 


there are right brain and left brain dynamics. Integration of. 


brain type 1 and brain type 2


dualism is about the dynamics of two parts interacting


psyche transcends physical measurement because it has infinite mass which Jung summarized


nature took care of that fly. 
she’s on the spide’s web
she stopped moving her wings
the spider is right next to her
i think she already had her
the fly is so big that it doesn’t fit in the spider’s cave
la estaba girando
se metio sola a la casa (la araña) por segunda vez


from every vibration you could receive revelation
grasps of knowledge


nothing but the monad,
the soul


every domain mathematical are hence mental


competition can’t drive you forward,
not for long
passion will


la gente es chusma


la gente habla de uno
uno hace un comentario,
otro dice lo que sabe


psyche as the mathematical point
archetypes as complex mathematical functions


the relationship between right and left brain as the frequency and space/time


space and time have frequencies


space/time is movement


mass blends space


frequency is already a consequence of movement


subjective experiences as content flowing from mathematical points


each new understandment adds up


people’s intuitions can one day be analytically proven


no te estoy jodiendo




intuition guides my search


open to randomness,
but not attached to it


mentalism
correspondence
vibration
polarity
rhythm
cause and effect
gender
.
principles


first I say what it is, 
then i name it
.
riddle


what’s the center within infinity and the zero


mathematical waves and eternal motion


between zero and infinity, if its a color, it is grey
if its a sound, it’s 440


time is grey
it’s ashes


mathematical waves and eternal motion


find the right function to each phenomena


the flow of sines and cosines


don’t say everything that goes through your head


learn when to keep quiet


be quieter


uncaused frequency domain


there’s an uncaused frequency domain run by will alone


circles<>straight lines
intuition<>feeling
thinking<>sensing
anima<>animus
dimensionless <> dimensional


we all are what we believe we are
hold no beliefs about yourself, instead cultivate virtue through knowledge, let beliefs express themselves through action


real numbers correspond to space and imaginary numbers to time
negative numbers are antimatter,
a mirrored image of the universe


there’s one universe


el uno


zero contains the totality of numbers


the universe exists ontologically


the 0 is pre-condition of everything that exists


careless but not martyr


illuminist thinking


0 and ∞, harnessed together. 
opposite sides of the same coin


record your screams into his brain


they justify it


0 and infinity are the god numbers


one point moved in straight line,
infinite multiplicity of ways


zero is also the monad
monad is one
mono


the ultimate base of illuminate thinking (0;∞)


what was troubling me was fundamentals


people believe that if you don’t keep studying you’ll forget
you will, but to what point?


the existence of zero and ifinity is vehemently denied by the ideology of scientific materialism


everything has a proper


the fourier transform


king of the flies


when growing up you are allowed to reduce them


transform changes form


formation is things coming into matter


it’s hard not to know because then you can’t find the words to use


psyche
information
mind
energy


i write while a fly flies all around me, distracting me


if you go far away come back


a fly interrupts both when she stops flying or when she starts


psyche
information
mind
energy
.
space/time (continuum)
frequency
. 
flows


don’t want to die until the end


smoking is living and reliving the cycles of life and death


psyche: it’s a timeless, spaceless, eternal, infinite, dimensionless world


the world asks more for you if you want more than understanding


psyche: it’s a timeless, spaceless, ternal, infinite, dimensionless word


libido is like THC
the power force
frequency define where it is oriented


todos sienten desde el lugar que les toca


no puedo ser tan insensible para hablar


no quiero compartir y no logro encontrarlo razonable. 
no con ella 
50% of 50%


the ultimate statement of existence: eulers formula


de aca al super pienso en que comer


there’s 0 dimensions


ontological describes where a thing exists


ontology the logic of being


numbers are the frequencies of the energy waves


sines 
( 
and 
cosines 
)


the study of energy is the study of sinusoids


infinite energy waves, hence infinite numbers


negative and imaginary numbers are ontologically as important as real numbers


could george have saved the family


you see double what in reality are just one


everything already exists but you’ll have to rediscover it


mathematics-built from numbers- is not an abstraction but is ontological: it actually exists
“all things are numbers”
Pythagoras declared in the God series, 2500 years ago


you remember the dates by thinking about them


comprar sifones de soda


ontology is an attack to the scientific method


son egotistas


“knowledge always wins in the end, but not unless and until it is known”


Pythagorean illuminati
the Euler Equation, 
The God Equation
the infinite felt side of being within


the infinite (felt side of being) within


mathematic uses conventions


I write it as I understand it


universal principles have been discovered along the way


primacy of mathematics over science


everything that is in my experience can be called to resonate


i truly appreciate the ones pointing me in the right direction


I couldn’t have done none by myself.
I’m contained within a universe I didn’t know.


M-theory
not based on strings but point-like objects
DO branes in a non commutative space
Monad theory proposed


Monads.
Gods.


The parts should guide us to the whole and the whole should help tie the parts together


there’s no place for learning


el viejo orden va a desaparecer


you can prove what’s possible with mathematics


there’s a set-apart name


mattithyahu (matisyahu); hellenized to Mathew


“leave them alone. they are blind leaders of the blind, both shall fall into a ditch”


I’ve unravelled the whole process


Electronics is easier to get lost


leave tyrants be.
we are never going to reveal ourselves


you could willingly and consciosuly make them believe that what you are doing is good


a kid’s laugh is honest


I thought it was all just fakeness


stitches in my mouth


you can name both the known and the unknown


fui escribiendo de determinadas cosas, a medida que las fui p[asando


god is not evil because he holds no hate
.
or do you see it? 
it is physical


este es el despertar del pensamiento científico


science has also alienated us


son mapas abstractos 3D modelados
Idealism encloses materialism and not the other way around
.
psyche moulds the world and not the other way around
. 
perception is not as simple as it may be seen intuitively


all spheres. 
if they are strings to us, they are f(...)


voy a tocar la guitarra todo el dia


hay gente que no puede estar callada


demonology


one who annoys others


godfly-bites livestock


Family as the tyranny of its weakest member


simply usurping its name is enough


god is that which is the hightest to you


se escribe con la muneca o con los dedos


como se escribe


seeing which one is the worst,
can’t be good


fumo mucho cuando se que tengo


one is 1
.
Yam>I am (myself the one)
Hu>he (who is)
Havah>exist (self)
Yah>the one who is
Yhuh Yahuah>he(who) exists (is)


to be or not to be, that is the question


different mathematical universes as there are different beginnings


i’m not the first one to understand what things mean
.
an entire universe opened up for me
.
entire universes
.
zeroes within ones


“the fathers forgot my name for Ba’al”


my name


what’s my name


don’t put a letter K in your name
know that you’ll have to explain it


No conspiracy theory.
Yes, war,
at all fronts,
at all times


Some may willingly and consciously hide the name


the name of Yahua is not for the foolish


cacholic is just one view of hell


lexicon


you cast demons, 
by the prince of demons


they live the moment
they are not conscious that they are doing it
crying and,
in the next instant,
laughing


to write looking from top is stupid
from paper perspective
from the beginning, further


Ba’alzehul


you just need to understand names


if you don’t know it,
name it the best you can
words are the keys that unlock doors of knowledge


some chose to be direct vessels of god.
talk as if they were him


why aren’t the obvious questions easily answered


truth will always find its way


read as if it were you thinking it
be the one saying the things of the other who said it


how deep the deception is


only one exclusive name


religions do not create chaos and confusion
it gives people certainty
it’s based on faith


lord god is not a name but a title


divulge my content and I’ll write content that’ll make you rich


the bulge


One is One


pronounced gawd or god, and written as gad


my esteem I do not give to another, nor my praise to idols


La serpiente se enrosca, solo se mueve cuando hace calor


serpents are not evil because of what they do


ba’al
the babylonian sun deity


kronos
time
god


god keeps unraveling
new believers find new things to push things forward


tradition bring things further


pay attention to what resonates


i’m not the unexperienced that I was


me entero que (...)


i should make myself unavailable if that is what I want


Ya


there are foolish faith systems


phenician deity


ba’al gad


baalzebub or Beel-Zebub
Satan
The god sun


you need to anchor in truth


smoking is movement in stillness


solo un necio se pone a nombrar lo que le gustaría hacer y no le gustaría hacer


there’s a demonic fly
the lord of flies


where does the sin lie?  being vegetarian, being no vegetarian


el tensiómetro


una fragancia


se roban las palabras para el comercio de almas


en las palabras esta el comercio de almas
.
en las palabras se transportan ideas


it is an attitude towards life
.
to retract
.
to meditate
.
to contemplate
.
to acquire knowledge and try to communicate


in this world, things are like that


me olvido del placer que es reservarme algunas cosas


me gustaban las chicas que me parecian copadas


el amor para mi nunca entro por los ojos sino por los oidos


0=1(existe/definido)-1(no existe/indefinido)


how fascinating is the world of mathematics


it takes a while for you to kick everyone out of yourself
.
patience to keep waiting


se que es agudo y que es grave, pero no se que es agudo y que es grave
.
se a que refiere pero no se que es ser
.
ontologicamente, la filosofia es imposible


esclavos de la palabra impresa


i made it come my way as i said i would


we should carry our burden


“si dios quiere”


“reflect”
light is not ours but we hold some


imagine everything that is possible


cuando falta una pieza las dinamicas son otras


por que ella es tan carinosa?


dirt in the will
moving through the mood


prophecies would have been different if jesus had been born here instead
.
his mythologies were from the place he knew
.
god spoke through him


god’s been speaking to every (...)


has pensado como seria ser dios?


“que desayunas?” es alta pregunta


light in the universe goes through something


what’s the speed of the universe


“speak only that which will bring you honor”


“he who regards all men as equals is religious”


can they erase my internet persona?
Will we be free to speak our minds?
To what extent is the virtual real?
to what extent is,
what i have seen,
part of me


“whatever kind of seed is sown in a field, prepared in due season, a plant of that same kind, marked with peculiar qualities of the seed, springs up in it”


who are the ones holding god back


fuck quotes


we are bound with the world through women


“only the one true god is without women”
.
why is god a lord and not a lady
.
the matrix is as necessary as what comes from it: 
nature


egotism dispilled from within me
i am in constant bliss
guru Nanak


“make them stop”
who are you talking to but yourself
.
who are you referring to if there’s no one there with you


sonate and resonate


que tiene de diferente escribir asi?


once done, not undone
.
let what’s on the 0, remain on the 0


se cancelan las fases por eso hay formas que no estamos viendo
.
si se cancelan las fases podes estudiar mejor la realidad


libre acceso a toda informacion
.
inter-net
.
inter-connected


you should have left it while you had the chance


they pretend they are more adults than the rest of adults
.
who claims to have the natural authority to command others
.
we have the right to say no


how redshifts change at different distances
we measure the expansion that way
but there’s another way to explain redshift


tuning fork


resonation is key


A C that loses its energy becomes a B note.
thinner


the pressure of the atmosphere is decreasing while the sound is traveling into your ear


pressure of atmosphere doesn’t decrease fast
billions of years of light traveling through space


fastidioso era el,
muy sabelotodo


solamente los quanta son necesarios para tener a la larga un poco de inelasticidad y el redshift es inminente


creativity is the source of scientific revolution
not logic or methodology


dispose everything that is usesless


mental tool
it can expand the reach of your imagination


i don’t have a mental space that is fixed
it is flexible
ever-expanding
.
we are infinite


respark the romanticism of einstein’s quest


pitch black can inspire you more than anything else


the further I get into science and the occult, the further i can tell i move from what i considered to be normal (and true)


buy an argentine for what he’s worth and sell him for what he thinks he’s worth


lon(v)e for charismatic individuals


good leaders are humble, rather boring


fascinating dark sides of rulers


all paths are different but lead to the same single point


me da verguenza que alguien venga y lea los escritos que me olvide de guardar


un monton de gente fue y vino anoche
esto no es post-mortem,
esto es por mi


water makes all things grow and all things drown


what will it mean that my sister is here


the flood happened as all things that happen in the mind
.
the flood is/was mental, though historical


She deprived me from sleep
.
She the narcissist,
Me the enabler


space is made out of fundamental parts


space can change its density


when somethin is cold enough, its geometric arrangement will change. and it will change phase


space is cancelled where matter is


space is subject to density and phase changes. Phase cancellation acn occur not just in sound


a change of density in outer regions of reality like galaxies is going to cause a gravitational field 


gravitational fields: changes in density


outer and inner regions of reality


distant light is redshifted.
it loses some of its energy while traveling to us


the universe is expanding because there’s no wall stopping light


it disappears and reappears. 
quantum tunneling


cold and controlling


for a while, everytime i thought of her, i was physically ill


build your boundaries to rebuild your self-esteem


elegant aspects of a new geometric picture


change geometric assumptions.
quantize space


the speed of light.
the constants of nature


gravitational constants


units of expression reveal
length
mass
time
ampere
temperature
.
base units
(also come in quantum units)
-
planck lenght 
 planck mass
planck time
planck ampere
planck temperature 
.
natural units


natural consequences of our map are five numbers
.
limits of curvature
there's minimum state of curvature (spatial)
maximum state of curvature
.
there’s a maximum because we quantize space
we could continue indefinitely


maths have been disrespected


I’m no dogma extension.
I’m my own views about everything


five numbers come from geometry
two from limits of curvature


constants of nature come from the geometry of space


necessary consequences of a model


make everything conceptual


dark matter/dark energy
geometric consequences


god needs to be conceptualized in order to be understood.


galaxies
stars orbiting


this is research
research is an active process


what’s the right way of telling something
write the best way: something you know, to yourself


the stars around the edges of the galaxy are moving too fast


any system of stars and interstellar matter that makes up the universe: galaxy


extra gravity


we can’t see the matter. 
we call it black matter


what’s the direction we are stretching in


show curvature in its full form


I thought I too had what they had. I just didn’t want it


el sol sale para todos igual


when learning, from particular to absolute. 
when teaching, from absolute to particular


find through particulars, 
the absolutes 
and become genius
.
part of the new creativity
.
future has no leaders because we all equally will understand this
.
capacity within is infinite


thought
.
chains


software to make 
.
thought chains




one zip each compulsion. just water. build habit


if there are other possibilities, they are also true


i have taste memory that triggers desires
.
same way, i have distaste memory that triggers repulsion


quantum has rotation


show curvature in its full form


quantum tunneling


thoughts can really make you physically ill. they can, but there’s the power of you over them and not them over you
once you realise this you are free


we can’t talk about space without the fundamental units of space


quantized space


quanta constructs the fabric of X, Y and Z. In 3D you move each independently


time happens independent of time and space


there are inner dimensions an outer dimensions that correspond
the inner is a reflection of the outer


three distinct types of volume.
volume is 3 dimensional


love is the way in which you could be filtering your relationship to others


quanta
1 quanta
2 quanta
…
definition of space


things that can’t be defined (undefined, infinite) should be delimited for our proper understanding 


abstract thinking develops over time


volume within quanta is interspatial


there are spaces within spaces (inner space) and superspatial.


x (width), y (hight), z (depth) 
single quantum space consists of


spatial dimensions
superspatial dimensions
intraspatial dimension
.
9 dimensions


time: whole number of resonations experienced at each quantum
.
super time: the notion of time through superspace
. 
space as a medium that can possess density of distortions
einstein’s curved space-time


a book with no help to understand its order or proper total form
. 
this is a method of writing that will set you free in the process


change of density of the space quanta. curvature


the denser the quanta get, the less they can freely resonate


i sometimes forget to listen to myself


i actively chose not to listen to myself, to do the enabler a favour. to not make it for him worse,
i did, for love
lose all self respect


SHINE LIGHT ON EVERYTHING


denser quanta experience less space


regions of maximum density
quanta packed completely together
like black holes: there’s no time when space has no movement


gravity is the result of an object traveling straight, to curved space


density gradients exist in space


if there’s more you’ll stretch it more
mass in space


https://rxisk.org/


Benefit of the doubt is for the enabler


Creator, carpenter, gardener and king.


I know reality exists because I can’t look beyond a point. If reality didn’t exist, I would see through. 


don’t get scared, just come back


Como nos sesgan con la historia de nuestro pueblo


no hay que ser conspiranoico, justo como escohotado


there’s not even one aspect of it that I liked


the horrors of running out of tobacco


no loops


space is quantized


one atom of gold goes through.
goes beyond gold


i wanted to behave with strangers as i did with friends


all the lives that were once lived


la vista periferica se entrena
vista centrada de depredador
vista periferica de alguien que esta comodo
presa
presa solo es presa cuando hay un depredador
si no solo es en relacion a nadie
es sujeto en relacion a un objeto


sujetos de la realidad
somos todos y cada uno de nosotros


no digo que me importa aunque me importe


nosotros somos la fuerza qu repele otra fuerza. 
la otra fuerza es dios
el self beyond our self


when i don’t smoke it’s harder for me to sit down to write


meditation as an active process


does god change? or is, across all times
what happened to the violence of god that was in the old testament


god is violent


tengo ganas de escribir


escribir, su placer, no viene (solamente) por tipear. 
el proceso de imaginacion activa es lo mas gratificante y sobre lo que todo lo demas se construye


fumado me cuesta menos sentarme no hacer nada


self changes your proprioception


we live and die


2d won’t understand 3d


at a fundamental level, nature just doesn’t make sense 


undeterministic world?


la indeterminacion desaparece en higher dimension


dark matter,
dark energy
.
the constants of nature


mysteries
clinge to old assumptions
change


a richer geometry could explain our reality


a dimension is an independent descriptor of position
x,y,z
one dimension moves while the others could be still
independent


light and dark 
the difference is one of movement


we see all in one dimension


spatial senses


geometric assumptions of space
literally and physicaly quantized


made from interactive pieces


i was always looking for the one exception that kept me from proving my worst fears were right


the paradox is that for writing i don’t need remembering.
but it all comes back to me,
bit by bit,
once i start


no day should start without you having died the night before


contemplate their own mortality


overcome negative mental states


religious are always evolving


deep realizations


the context of the use is always of more importance (meditation and use of drugs)




saquense la cara de idiotas


as the context change, so does the meaning of the technique itself


you want the apple right after it dropped


break the cycle
become unrecogniscible


reality is the opposition to god
wherever there is reality, there was opposition


space is the negative of matter
matter is the positive of space
totality includes nothing


thoughts do not have self
all that comes from me does not have self


developing insight into the nature of reality


you can’t forget what you know, so know thyself


se puede escribir con cual sea el tamaño natural de las letras. cuanto mas pegadas mejor


yo desarrollo mi propia meditacion


joe rogan doesn’t think like i do


my life is stranger


put down the pen so you get yourself to do stuff


mas linda la letra cuanto mas pegada. mas facil de leer
mas facil de escribir


understand it in all experience and not in the intelectual level


mindfullness


straight bottom lines


sati/surti>attention


mindfulness > introspective vigilance


buddhist philosophy of mind


a philosophy of mind


fixate your attention


these paragraphs are meant to be read out of context
what happens if you take ideas as if they were in a vacuum


monitor your body and mind


just by hearing it, I can experience it


their cry made me uneasy


physical body
feelings
moods
dhamma/dharma (ley/orden cosmico//objects of awareness) 


analyse when you are breathing in, when you are breathing out


from the bottom of the feet on up. 
from the crown of the head on down


our body is made from smaller parts


decomposing bodies


mind,
feelings
.
objects of awareness


the monk discerns: “I’m feeling a painful feeling” or “I’m feeling a pleasant feeling”.


discernimiento, intencion y libertad


quiero escribir lindo
asi como con pluma


para eso se pone el dedo arriba de la lapicera
the purification of beings
the realization of unbinding


trauma bonding is what most relationships look like


i see a word in experience, and i know it


enlightenment is liberation from suffering


i don’t like the idea of leaders and followers but of teachers and students
whoever studies a person is a student,
whoever teaches (intentionaly or not) is a teacher


socrates had students but i doubt he consider himself to be a professor


Words have value


Value=meaning


Variables are containers for storing data values.
Words are variables.
Meanings are values.


In programming, each line is independent and sequential.


Ídolos de cartón.


That which I pronounced, yss did happen


if you(i) trust me(you) to show me(you) “the truth”, you(i) might say to me(you) about reptilians and ask “do you see them” while I’m in a meditative state… “green, in the dark…”. I’d eventually see them in my mind. I could start believing they cohabit my mind.


i trust the heart
battles are of the heart


it’s all in one
remember the rest of the universe


satipatthana sutta


bhavana: to be
causing to be
cultivation
bringing something into being


meditatio: thinking over something

muscle memory: innate


understand for themselves deeply


cultivate deep understanding


samatha: concentration meditastion
.
vipassana(sanskrit:vipasyana): insight meditation
.
two wings


one point focusing


i forget to keep my eyes in one point
peripheral mind distracts me
i one pen
my eyes are tired when i move my pen too much and my eyes try to follow,
the mind is fundamentally clean and pure


hatred,
greed,
delusion,
muddy the mind


follow movement with your eyes,
concentric or peripheral


concentration calms the mind so you can reclaim control of the mind, 
and refocus on the things you want to focus on


you don’t clear the mind by thinking about nothing but focusing in one particular thing


visuddhimagga
40 meditation objects
coloured shapes
the body
the breath


regain insight of the place where you are


i’m healing
i reclaim my ability to concentrate on one point to receive revelation,
appreciation
meditation


saitama found things that soothed him
monks meditating were just one of them


compassion
equanimity
(2/40)


once you can learn to calm the mind, you enter into deep states of concentration, known as 
dhayanas 
jhanas


everything can happen to me, no matter hoow real


the meditator learns


the meditator is a student of knowledge
the meditator is philosopher
the meditator is artist
the meditator is conscious of the body


not my job as an artist to explain any of my art


i don’t care how
i just want what’s not, 
to be over


impermanence,
dissatisfaction,
not self


know thyself means also to make you look at the unknown to then know.
and then make a distinction and discern what has self and what does not


everything has self
the essence, contained in itself


mental piruetas in a controlled area


it is flow
it is writing top speed
it’s trance and visions and flashbacks, hallucinations and real lights surrounding your pupils


how deeply connected to your consciousness are you


you’ve never been with someone else (in your mind)
yet, you’ve summoned them and thinking about it scares you


formal meditation


cultivate particular mental states


long before the time of the buddha, meditation was a thing, a practice


el realista es mas listo


la no aceptacion es la disonancia con el alma


grandes principios que sostienen el mundo entero


imagina el misterio que se nos va a develar
.
el misterio de la obra de la creación
.
“Iluminare tus ojos con este secreto” 
.
el secreto del motivo por el cual se usa el nombre Elohim


hay muchos nombres de dios


todas las creaciones fueron creadas según el juicio, y la justicia


nuestras almas estaban ahi antes de venir al mundo


asi sera tu cuerpo, asi sera tu vida
todo esta desde antes


estoy alegre y de buen corazon


no man can judge me


todo esta en su lugar


lo mejor es exactamente lo que es


tikum
rectificacion final
la enmienda


este es el camino para que tu hagas tu trabajo


amemos lo que hay


aquel que se oculta detras del orden natural: elohim


conectar con el alma (acepta) y elohim


darle lugar al dolor


aceptar el dolor sin provocar sufrimiento


debemos enlutarnos


el dolor es infinito


para que anadir dolor


aceptar nos va a dar sanidad


not all buddhists meditate


cultivate good karma


meditation is not a silent practice


examine your mind


discursive meditation


develop a deeper personal understanding of things through meditation


meditation is not one thing
that’s why is hard to explain to other people


i can go meditate and will in an instant


meditation is the activity of mind
everything that pure mind does, is called meditations


just give better names to things


name things better, see yourself become better


meditation is a mental performance
varias piruetas mentales controladas
búsqueda de imágenes, recuerdos


hate all of your ideas, but still,
write them down


cambiar por gusto


me veo ideal
desarrollo espiritual


acepto pero no me puedo quedar aquí


perdonad con el corazón o enfermarse


los co-creadores y las victimas


profetas no fueron al cielo


mirad los resultados de los que aceptan


para aceptar necesitas fe
el dolor es inevitable
da energia 
hecho
sufrimiento evitable
saca energia
prolongacion del dolor


do not tell yourself how you should feel


suffering as the unnecessary prolongation of pain


do not tell yourself how you should feel


las puertas de la luz


muchos no se aman como son, ni a sus padres


la realidad no te gusta
no la aceptas


cualquier idea que tengas es el ideal


hay unorden natural


los sucesos siguen tambien un orden natural


misma gematria:
valor numerico


elohim


la ley del universo


no oponerse a la realidad


no hay nada mas soberano que la realidad que te envuelve


lo unico que no puedes cambiar es la realidad


la realidad como revelacion de elohim


algo que te sucede, no puewdes hacer nada
esto es lo mas soberano


la realidad es un decreto del juez


siempre pasan cosas negativas a la gente que no acepta la realidad
.
dolor
enfado
frustracion
tristeza
depresion
enfermedades


no podes contrarrestar por estar en contra


lo subconsciente se comprende después de la reinterpretación  de un acto


la vida


hateva//elohim


valor numerico conecta las palabras a nivel esencial


lo que la vida te trae, es lo que dios te trae


aceptar no es conformarese con lo malo


aceptacion>kabbalah


rekavel


las puertas de la kerusha


aceptar no significa conformar


aceptacion de todo lo que nos ocurra por malo que sea


cambio por disgusto o cambio por gusto


uno deberia cambiar por gusto


cambio de lo que no les gusta
primer nivel


pocas respuestas en lo que te gusta


lo que te gusta y disgusta no dice nada mas que eso


Quien quiera ser parte de ceros que lo sea.


Manson was horror music.


C#
Fa#
C#
C#
G#
C#


We learned the wrong way.


En mi bicicleta.


Blow smoke into the wind.


smoking is for leaving in the place you go back to


smoke is movement in stillness


we should believe just for love of the art


“maybe this isn´t a good idea after all”


she (none) can destroy me
this is what expression shows


manuel slongo
mariano balnzer
joaquin buri
keanu reeves
029


start writing dates just for the sake of it
drawing numbers


ingeniero civil


i’m going there, with whoever wants to follow


i agreed to some emails


there’s wind tonight


there never will be a suicide note
my black book is my dead book


love and compassion to all victims of abuse


i’m going to call it however i want


marco. 
rolo
polo
trolo


mario
veterinario


enabler and interruptor


it’s not your responsibility


i listen to music for its sound


el mastering es el que hace el album


the line that divides myself from the dark
determined by a candle


i don’t know if he did or didn’t say that


why should i care if he did or didn’t say that


they should have taken care of me


all promises
all crystal castles
always one next to collapsing


no sabes si va a llorar de a rato


redemption song


love is forever and eternal
it should be the core of our beliefs


we should believe only out of pure love


cuesta vernos la propia sombra


el angulo no deberia prohibirme escribir


meditar mucho sobre el fuego
look at the candle


quiero ver mi luz pero tambien mi sombra
entroa grupos de facebook en donde bardean a gente como yo


jokes are on performing as well


he was performing


paper mate. 
yo solo uso las facultades de mi mente


las charlas con ella siempre sin mirarlas
yo y mi inconsciente


la iluminacion es cuestion de un instante


solo con la simbologia de sus actos politicos, va(n) a cambiar el rumbo del pais


books are important no matter who finds them


desconectar
despersonalizacion


de tener la justa a nunca mas volver a pegar una
fatalista


la gente nunca me tomaba en serio cuando yo decia las cosas


hay una verdad
lo que nos es comun a todos
el pensamiento


el pensamiento existe
in what realm
who knows
but its expression is seen, heard, even touched
all material comes from within


all outer was once a thought


expresen el pensamiento


excercise your freedom, as all things that are good


taste is an important factor of choice


rabietas


no entendia por que


lo dividimos entre tres


la gente que hace malos negocios no la llaman de nuevo


para tener un contrato solo hace falta la aprobacion de las tres partes


la polaridad de la mente y lo bueno esta en el medio
perfecto
entre el perfecto aos y el perfecto orden, el medio
moderacion


how many lost writings


i know about my social class, 
and i don’t care


hipster


i don’t believe in mixers are absolute ears 


make a balance and find out that is zero
the unmeasurable possibility


la posibilidad inmensurable


una temporada con lacan


no me callaba la boca


mercy
stop hitting me


listening to him i became like him


las facultades del pensamiento


i think about my grandfather a lot


tough guys with irrational behaviour


a esa parte de mi, la agarraron de gato


flashes


sentido del ridiculo


las facultades del propio pensamiento


a swords and a shield,
that’s how you fight
that’s how you hold the sticks


what’s there inbetween noise and harmony


discipulo de fulcanelli
estudiante de sus enseñanzas


no hay una cosa sin filosofia


maestro laborioso y sabio


black is noise


black is chaos
light is ordered


true artists are always close to death
does it mean living in danger
awareness
conscientiation


the most important joy division music is not even in their album versions


electric
shock


que flash


son una y todas las veces las cosas de tu mente


se comio una leccion de humildad


“I can’t feel my pennis”


live recording and not so raw sound but pure
played in the moment


one song from each participant instrument


it’s an instrument of communication


the leaders of men


failures (of the modern men)


many misunderstandments


who listens to music for their lyrics


each one chooses how to confuse


next


one words


noise


shame
the queen was shamed


what kind of kids they were when they were kids


they find noise in subtler words


just because i liked one type of music


demian


simple words in the air


i’m just curious
i want to know the truth, not what fits me 


truth fits you best


what’s to be mad about music
no matter how dark


ideals are just a way to find


cuando los lideres se desclavan


in the viking age, the gods are everywhere


jackie
jacqueline


detuned violins


long chorus over detuned string


musicians represent 
as true artists do


people choose their own representation


se trata de vivir en armonia, cada uno con su verdad


la gracia de la comedia y la tragedia


granulizer for processing entire tracks


i used to look at my hands a lot when i was a kid


show me my downloaded music


a mi no me importa mas nada que saber todo
aprender
para eso hablo con otros
y ellos aprenden tambien
y el intercambio es muy bueno
dialectica


no subestimes lo que puede tener incidencia en tu mente


always in survival mode
shaking in my appartment
fuck


learn to draw with your left hand


castrated degenerate


chrystal castles
all broken
chiptune


en alguna parte del univero hay lugar para todas las posibilidades
.
en alguna parte del universo hay un bebe gestandose.
y por que no en una habitacion diez veces mas chica? 
y por que no?
space odissey


say with intelligence


we are entirely animals


intelligence is a faculty to be excercised only in the present moment


do things with intelligence involved or don’t do it


la data de todos, la filosofia de uno


404


balance


judge my beliefs


todos arriba


hardcore
hard core


all of your music should have a hard core


a las 4 y 20 es la ultima


am i tough? we all have at least some courage


musicalidad en las palabras


your body can ohl


tienen muchas partes mis temas
eso si es verdad


buscando mis pasiones


la otra mitad de nosotros somos nosotros. 
nuestra parte izquierda


mi mano izquierda


re ploma


you call it god,
i call it black


la musica no conoce de fronteras


survival mode 24/7
red dragon and the man who got homeless escaping from his ex wife


una flasheada


next


dibujo con la izquierda
escribo con la derecha


de gusto o inconscientemente, i don’t see the difference once it’s conscious


see through the artifix of existence


no lo pienses mas


lo importante para mi es lo que quiero comunicar


you can be (come) a machine of randomness


a veces me provoca ser feliz


estas hojas
sin importancia


las cosas que me importan


fank-trank


insoportable


iluminacion plena
en carne


la iluminacion es cuestion de un instante


“estado budico”


conociendo las facultades de su pensamiento, el hombre deja de temer


manso nomas
relajado


manso es poco


i do art projects
installations
set and setting
when thinking about yourself and others


we all have some sense of morality


how strong is our moral compass


the moral compass is not just about taste


tasting includes delighting


interruptor


decide what kind of artist you want to be


“no one knows if they can trust you”
.
“be good”


del contraste de las ideas nace la luz


it’s a matter of (...) balance


el no era el confidente


el era el complice


espiritu y letra


do business with friends
people you can trust
don’t go behind appearences


1,5 es el medio


so many


por los tontos tuve problemas


el bre era un bully


embody your philosophy


walden


tan cerca de la iluminacion suprema


esta casa es otra vez un hogar y la usan ahora con mas amor


me encantaria tener una cabaña en la segunda arboleda


doble manifestacion espiritual y cientifica


fuerza de aforismo


enseñanza oral de maestro a discipulo


la verdad eterna


many places are my home


ya habia dejado(nos) abierta la puerta del laberinto


patience, nature will take its course
sooner or later


how would reality inverted look like


los actores se meten en un papel bajo la vision de alguien mas


i cannot talk about anything in particular


do not press the red button
don’t make it harder


why tempt the devil, just to make it mad


it’s not up to you to judge


writting in modules


apple seeds have cyanide
what does it means for genesis
why would the forbidden fruit be an apple


sobrecarga imperial
means collapse


i believed my parents were as old as the world


it’s a lonely death, but we live among men


1300 no es un pequeño numero en un pais que no admite la disidencia


i should put limits with her as well


one who make shimself a worm cannot complain afterwards if people step on him
kant


singularities have no mass


we have no mass


space/time domain, the dimensional domain of science


jung
the mandala as the ultimate archetype of reconciliation of opposites
unifying the mind and the universe


the universe includes our minds exactly as they are


the collective psychology is quickly turning around


problematics exposed so we can solve them


jung’s book
“civilizacion in transition”


ella alla aprendio a hacer


ella nunca se rebelo contra sus padres y creyo que estaba bien


let yourself be interrupted


the lance of christ


psychic confusion and perplexity
mandalas appear


cross or cycle divided into four


yantras
instrumnets with whose help the order is brought into being


the god graph or euler’s unit circle, 
lubnig’s monad


it is both subjectively psychological and ultimately mathematical


“as” and not “is” because it’s representations and not equivalences


the unit circle
up (∞)
left (-1)
down (0)
right (1)


no one is allowed to make you feel like shit on a  regular basis


nos hacen poner el ∞ a la derecha


i have a voice but i’m not aware of it


massless, dimensionless, the domain of light


when you face your soul only the truth will surface


mysticism, abrahamanism, materialistic science won’t give you truth


ontological mathematics follow the god equation


episteme vs doxa


i write about recent experiences because they are fresher


i grabbed he by the arm and kissed her


“adios” dijo ella y se despidio de nosotros, que estabamos sentados en la vereda


hay que ser muy consciente de las dimensiones


escribo entre bichitos miniatura


but how big am i? how do i determine it?
.
how do i determine  will always remain undetermined


proyectas una imagen y la visualizas


no imaginas
ves
asi como los ciegos ven


i thought


“the hiciste la permanente?” me pregunto “tenes las pestañas bien paradas”


just pick up one thing and do something with it
little, small things


space is beyond self


i see her again


hombre virtuoso y viril para la revolucion trabajadora


meroes idiotas utiles


ideologos become dogma


polilla blanca


the white moth


el arte de acompañar


i have to stop what i’m doing and do what i have to


yesterday was like a dream


puesto direccionando


the importance of the angle
where are you pointing at?


if trouble must come,
let it come in my time


trouble will get to me in its own time


an adjective can’t ever be “things as they are”


Education is not something you can finish


write around adjectives, do not use them to express your beliefs
everything that have no adjective is infinitely truer


decoding proto indo-european


the night
a woman thought about me 6 am
she found it nice that i approached her and said hi


my first heartbreak was pulling my arm for me to notice her
i did, but i was hugging a friend


no one will do things for me


write down the things that need to get done
the how will appear in its own time


quizas noto apego
quizas tomo distancia porque conoce el amor


there’s no way to testify


one answers not with all mind involved in it


a veces parece que fueran idiotas
pero tengo que recordar elegir el amor


all that is paradise


el comunismo quiere la union del proposito para el cumplimiento de lo que sea que se proponga
pero quien decide cual es el proposito


the answer is never other people but it’s always in other people


hoy vino abundante agua de lluvia de rio arriba


the threat of death hangs over you


el cajon me gusta porque lo puedo inclinar para sentarme


memories vanish


duty to train your body for war
socrates


excel es una forma de usar texo en cuadricula


la gente no solo se engancha con lo que hace mal
o la mierda


spread your energy flow
don’t waste it all in one day
do more than one tast each day


do not have recofnisible cars
don’t do detectable


don’t put political views


un-politically proper


don’t put a target on your back


what really resonates, stick with


telegram leaves random people on my phone


a spy is just an eye


bring out the dragons


what’s the message? violence works 


all brothersr and sisters


first you gotta see it


sex is dual cultivation


there’s danger in becoming deeply attached to the ones you love
a block in the path of tao


a pen is not mightier than a sword
pens do not battle, nor swords do poetry
.
mighy is the hand that knows when to pick up the pen, or pick up the sword


having a computer is to administrate your memory


no sean invasivos en los cuidados


the good went further


rushing and mixing things is for angst (anguish, anxious, agony=


two kings that in the end decide to push forwards


say things in a way only you know to whom it is referring


mi hermana me acaba de bautizar con el agua de su termo


I’ve been baptized many times but never named


without name i can’t be called


I swear I heard their screams even when they weren't yelling.


Of course i hear music in my head
Ever since I was broken 


Who knows when what
.
The author
.
The one who's writing this.


The last bit for the morning.


I like sitting in the dark. Writing.


Doomer jazz


I explode because I just can't stand it


Te destrata porque se le antoja


Vi en su hermano su versión masculina


Think through better people.


I dream of my dad eating mushrooms in the garden


I'm complicit with my silence


I need to talk to them
Explain to them


They want cinema to be


"Y si, tampoco somos de piedra nosotros"


What a depressive scenery


In what repressive state this house is


This house is a horror house
Cold, humid, wet.
.


Tabaco to keep away the demons 
.
Only then I want it to be
.
Everything is half suggestion/psychosomatic


Si que es adictivo este estado.
Pero es también bueno


Write the kind of terror that you like


Now I'm warm.


There are people who is irritating.


I could be very irritating


The horror of loneliness
Of sadness
Movies talk explicitly to emotion
If you feel the need to shut down, then you'll process it afterwards.


Everything has to go through the whole bodies.


Her skin is cold
Her lips dry


A trumpet and a cartridge, stop at the tunnel
Someone appeared


An everlasting album that contains a name, one word to meditate on


E
A
B
E
B
E


There's me good.
There's me bad.


Find what you love and let it kill you. BK.


I do not have any chair that is comfortable enough to hold my body for long periods of time


on pc (keyboard) i can type without watching


i know he’s not alright in the head, as much as he wants to hide it


when i look for answers, he’s always there


i know he respects me as he respects every other human being


he changed her with his own hands
his own child
he’s proud of it
and hurt
because things weren’t as pretty as he dreamt it would be


can’t you be pure goodness or pure evil? would you prefer it that way? so you do not have to choose


write the whole thing
write the mistakes
write what you’ve learned
many can learn from you, as you learned from them
nothing needs to make sense other than to the one that is reading 
it does not matter, in the end, what the author meant
but it is its task, to leave as little room for speculation as possible
a philosopher’s line should be as specific as it can be
so the truth exposes itself through words
there’s nothing of an opinion in truth
truth can be found in the way things can be told
if wise or poet, i do not know
what do i have to do differently?


do i care if they are split or together
do i care if its one or more separate lines


i am happy that my keboard didn’t break


why do you have to show me as well what is previous of a page
show me only the last sentence
i do not want to hear what has already been written
writing will give you every novelty you think your life needs
let it kill you
let it consume you
so you find that the same consuming light is the natural light of reason, that shines on whatever object you focus on


no money
money issues
no money equals not
money issues


why do you care how i write
would you say that i do not write properly?


no caps


editing is the art of patching


i need to make this house my own, no matter what happens next
i do need the space
and i do like it here
only best would be that there were no one around me
nothing a few trees can’t solve


i do not think like them
and i think what they think is shit for being purposeless
you can think anything about anything
yet you can not think purposelessly
there is no room for that
thinking is for knowing
know your self so you know all others


The question is who I'm going to die.


Learn the truth worth saying.


Somos iguales en la naturaleza y en la diferencia


Todo por no querer pensar de más


Choose the right path


There's a bit of all in every one.


I felt her smell and immediately a fly touched my nose.


Subjects are not objects of your imagination


We are between the sub and the moon.


This brightness for during the day is enough.


You should enjoy writing.
Writing itself.


He was inspired. But how did he get his inspiration out. How did he express it. many books
Write slowly. Same paragraph.


Maybe I'm not clear with what I meant to type


Philosophy because of unity of consciousness


Polarity of mind. Both monadic and collective.


Discover more things about existence itself. About being. Contemplators.


Inducing themselves to hypnosis


Tener charlar y transcribirlas
Una charla
Yo vendiéndoles mí idea
Así transcribo y entiendo de que se trata mí libro. Que es un black book. Para que sirve. The fastest way to edit something. 


Entre la curiosidad y la chismosidad.


She would like to know everything about me. She would like me to willingly tell her.


We were more hyperfocused just we smoked more. We shouldn't be tied to a compulsory habit like smoking.


My mind louder than my ears.


La gracia es justo lo que no se explicar
Are they taking to me?


We could all have gone to the dark direction


Once you went past it, you don't longer cared about it.


You know yourself, who you are and who you were. What you felt and what you feel, be, what you did and what you will
You know who you are and where you stand


I am ridiculous


Comedy is about the ridiculous.
Tragedy about the strange.


I also wrote many other things.


How conscious of your dreams can you be.


I wouldn't be who I am if things wouldn't have happened this way.


No sleep.


I know I'm strange, and don't know how strange.


"No servís ni para cobrar", le dijo a mi abuela


Think about politics as a way into culture.


You don't know me.


You can't explain the complex by the simple.
All simple tracks, complex conjunction.


Just my phone.


A philosopher conclusion is not it's last one.


A word is an it. Nor a he or a she.


He grabbed the revolver. It was his fault.


It has an entire process. An entire way in and an entire way out. You know because you can point them out and explain them.


Multiples realidades históricas.


La realidad se impone.


The phone has damaged us.


It is funny that it is so hard to explain something that you the explainer already seems so simple.
You get angry when things don't go your own way. You realise writing. There's nothing wrong with the keyboard is just you that aren't typing well any line.


Those are the advantagers.


Always on survival mode can make you unstable.


They are survivors. Broken oscillating mad men. 


How much do they know you and how many.
Performance to show yourself, your true.


I want to have it better. Better knowledge. Better life.


Art is giving in abundance.
Talking about love, politics and poetry.


Value your time.


Upset that she was there and I didn't want to talk.


They are afraid of the boys. Maybe she knows some of mine.


I know she ain't bad. Nor special. I just love looking at her. Is not about me, it's about how she knows she looks when she does that. She does know it. She does it alone. She doesn't care either, if she would she wouldn't move. And it seems that is not that she likes being seen.
They were taught a tradition.
I didn't misbehave with any of them.


No one is indispensable.


I don't go out much. I don't like it there. But sometimes I do. And many times it shows.


I would have gone and say hi if I would have had enough energy.


You look to believe everything you say.


It is not one and one.


It is the best position for any word. It always is different.
It is not as easy to make double with my left hand. Think it about the words you type. Don't look only at your right hand. 
La derech tira la piedra la izquierda se esconde.


It was about how it's character was. Not if it was important or not that she did.
He couldn't see it because he was equally damaged.


Reason.
Whatever reason.


I like the ways she dresses.


Programming is about computing. 


What is it that you need to understand in order to understand another.
Good teachers and bad teachers.


The only thing they wanted was to humiliate me.


I don't believe everything I write.


Toxic gets through.


No deja de haber crisis.


Toxic expresses itself. It was in its shadows.


I know women. 
I know men.


How will you satisfy a void within you.
What do you want me to satisfy if you have no desire.


Asking children what they think of things for their own curiosity.


Cinema to think. No sound.


I give you things to think about


No punto y coma


lessen the light so we squint


pupils dilated to see more
scaperoute and people


when inspired write, when uninspired transcript


oxytocin chemical of connection and bonding


how can i honour their cues


vocal power
spotting and honoring


is it important to be charismatic
or to the point
neutral


creative brilliant


people smarts


blend of two thing
warmth and competence
charisma
warmth to make people open to the competence


two questions about people
first impression
can i trust you? (allie or enemy)
can i rely on you?


18 inches to tree feet
social zone


saddghuru


forgiving is an act of one


mi infinidad es mia


puedo creerme cualquier cosa pero tambien puedo descreer cualquier cosa


puedo creer cualquier cosa


creo esto como puedo creer cualquier otra cosa


yo tambien lo hago dudar y avanzar a el


no necesito el faso para escribir ni tampoco para mantenerme despierto


va a ser una noche espectacular solo cuando creo que va a serlo


coding any variable you can think of


como que por ahi sobrio molestan mas cosas


judas did not let jesus die


why would anyone choose to believe in images


you have all the answers but you have to ask the questions


some agency


he was expecting to bang her


no puedo hacer mas que leer o escribir sin luz y con esta tormenta


lo mas dificil es perdonar
requiere buena voluntad


gestures carry more weight than words


puedo llevar una cronologia de la evolucion del pensamiento de mi abuelo por las efchas de adquisicion de los libros que tenia


underline your words
hand gestures
specifically
body language highlighter


no temo a la muerte solo porque es ridiculo
no se puede
no temo muerto por tanto tampoco la muerte


cuando conozca la muerte ya no tendre miedo


yo no puedo conocer mas alla de mi propia mente


you can flow in your studies


revelado divinamente es todo este libro


if you are a daughter, then god is a she


what doesn’t make sense can’t be imagined


vocal charisma


they didn’t wrote about the divine feminine principle


12.5 more information from our gestures
you can hear charisma
but gestures add more weights


gestures are highlighters


don’t jazz hands


don’t highlight the whole pages
only concepts that matter


they didn’t wrote about the divine feminine principle


living life is engaging in mythology


entran cosas en tu atencion


the question is “is she good”?


i don’t believe in natural miracles
i believe natural laws can’t be broken


la luz es conocimiento


i mean no disrespect


es una decision activa


try it
test it 
smell it
lick it
touch it
feel it
wear it
play it


destroy your reputation so you can be free


lo dificil es poder expresar en palabras algo que pertenece a la experiencia
a su vez la experiencia puede lograrse a traves de la palabra


through words, not with, one experiences and transcends oneself


la ficcion tambien es verdadera


religion, la experiencia universal
religare con il nostro corpo e spiritu


el tipo con el iq mas alto de argentina no escupe ninguna verdad
se lo ve aburrido, deprimido


how can i be praying to the wrong if mine has no shape
it’s the cult to oneself


la atmosfera es un campo electromagnetico


bocetos de ideas


people achieving


priming yourself with cues


consciencia de clase?
i have none, cause i do not believe in it


don’t make it harder for them to help you


you can believe in things temporarily


se a que se referia, en el mundo de las sombras


la sexualidad no puede ser un acto politico
eso es postureo


trauma como portales
estampas en la experiencia a las que siempre se puede volver


en el momento en que su madre se volvio un modelo, se empezo a creer cualquier cosa.
se volvio superficial y falsamente estupida


no creo que las leyes fisicas puedan doblegarse a la voluntad de nadie


let others express themselves
listen


la consciencia puede poner la atencion en si misma


no se si esta bien, que me tiene mal


israel is only yours in spirit


“era mia antes”


taking things personally


soy dios porque en mi mente puedo hacer cualquier cosa


el idealismo magico es la unica verdad
la unica verdad accesible
la especulacion filosofica es idealismo magico
hermetico al pensador


to speak with him one hour, $300
what


me gusta no fumar porque cuando no fumo entreno


i’m really inspired about what you created, i’d love to learn your story of success
perfect blend of warmth and competence


simple truths are hidden at plain sight
yet many chooses to ignore it


hay cosas que por mas que quiera no me creo


la magia negra opera en la sombra (-1), todo aquello que no podemos conocer
trasciende el idealismo magico para asentarse en el cuerpo


i feel bad for breaking all of their beliefs


yo puedo causar un efecto, una transformacion en tu perception


things mean beyond our dimension


you believe in whatever it is you want to believe 


cues you send out


mi percepcion cambia para siempre detras de cada transformacion


toda transformacion es metafisica


everyone is entitled to their own belifs about scripture and its validity


la duda puede generar confusion pero tambien es la base del conocimiento


cualquier cosa de la que estes convencido funciona


transcend culture


key concept is: convencimiento


no se pueden ignorar los factores historicos


todo lo que estoy diciendo bien puede ser verdad


true even when i may not know it


cree que lo has recibido y sera tuyo


question inflection
don’t do uptalk


entre circunstancias internas y externas hay un juego


my balls
circa 1998


whatever makes me god, you could say the same


i don’t claim to be special


i’m not the first to find out


from the antichrist comes the christ


there’s no superiority in knowing things that others do not


don’t ask your own name


la verdad se ha ido develando a lo largo de la historia


don’t give away your competence


que todos la compartamos a esta realidad es lo que la hace increible


universe has its origins in a sexual union


la verdad es penetrante


muchos no se dan cuenta de como gastan el tiempo


el tiempo es finito, por infinito que parezca


nobleza, sinceridad e idealismo


la vida es un periodo de formacion 


existen cosas que exigen ser tenidas en cuenta


puedo decir “no se” con certeza


los ultimos tiempos son periodos de cambio radical en el pensamiento humano


en la evolucion del pensamiento humano pueden encontrarse nuevas verdades


bad intentions will leak


“I and the god are one” and “all possibilities are true”. 
Premises of magical idealism.


shame ok
guilt no


it’s scary, the power of my own mind 
i have yet to see it fully developped 


manipulative person


lars armstrong doping


congruent emotion


las canciones no se te pegan: vos las estas recreando aqui y ahora, cada vez


la muerte esta siempre igual e cerca.
toda sensacion de distancia es ilusoria


challenge everyone’s beliefs


dios unico juez and god and i are one. 
jesus teachings: 
answer only to yourself


quien define lo indebido


que otros no lo vean no quiere decir que no sea/haya sido asi


en la realidad, no que haya sido ya no es


k existian tambein en el imperio romano: Augusto


el advenimiento de una nueva era dorada


out of integrity


aceptar como algo natural el deber 
alabanza y devocion es un pensamiento esclavo


toxic people put us out of integrity
they force us to use warm cues when we don’t feel like it


you leak those cues


time to get rid of toxic people


fake niceness feels really bad


todo lo que marca como bueno me parece a mi pesimo y la raiz de todo mal


el truco esta en la ilusion


extraño a mis abuelos


no puedo afirmar algo asi como “no los voy a extrañar”


no conozco el futuro


faking is exhausting


double down on competence


the only truth being “every possibility is true”


bureaucracies abuse your time


there’s always a bigger bear


a man through his eyes, a woman through his ears


IQ is gay testing


water catchment systems


estoy re loco pero no para ser un escritor


no tengo que hacer nada diferente solo compartir mas
hablar
cantar algo


there was a time when religious people lived in peace


he wanted to be sacrificed


get them out of your lives
set a boundarie
or get help


Minerva for wisdom
Mars for war


nodding is great
vertical nodding in western cultures
horizontal nodding in others


all that for peace?


peace and order don’t go together


a coin for the ferryman


legions


they watch their hands


pilate


feast and funeral
burnt meat


monopolies on piety


unrest


impartial will of the prefect


poeace in jerusalem
peace in judea


they led me to this path


peace in jerusalem
peace in judea


don’t blow out a candle


i met yeshua in trelew


reviving jesus


the weak will


potential messiah


arimathean


as if they burst


if i ask he’ll speak to me


the body… was it annointed


sweat and hebs


nothing compared to combat


they don’t know who the disciples are


yeshua’s followers
heartbroken


some say he’s risen


why do you tremble


miriam


if you knew him, you’d understand


you are seeds already cast


who the fuck will tell me how sane i am


detachment from the things you hate but got used to 


plant seeds


whatever you say make it truth


Two women saw it


mary Magdalene


you offer no quarter


enlighten me, then


open your heart and see 


i’m already free


show me the messiah


you look for something you’ll never find, tribune. you look for the wrong thing


relojes de arena


tribune’s dream


the wrath incurred


an unfortunate dilemma


orders are just wishes


yeshua’s inner circle


eternal life


our only weapon is love


this empire means nothing to him


render unto caesar what is caesar’s


every breath like sucking on wet cloth


le llevo el cuerpo de otro


threat is a creature with many heads


you are dangerously clever


your ambition is noticed


the sun rose in the tombs


the things I’ve seen, no one else has


fire is god here with me


sanctuary of mars


the moment tribune doubted, he vanished


we’ll see him once more


they know what i write but not what i believe


all the fantasy surrounding jesus’s life


i believe i have their spirit within
i know i am


i hold the wisdom of ages


i have traveled in my dreams, while my body was still


it’s a cold night


i’ve seen two things which cannot reconcile


ubica espacialmente todos tus pensamientos para darte cuenta de que sos uno


todas las dimensiones estan en esta dimension
no existe mas que mi mente


clavius aquila valerius niger


hallowed is your name


the same vessel god gives all men


we follow to find out


i think he’s preparing us 


i bring danger to you all


my name is hollow


benificiarii, please


you hold the world in your hands 
benificiarii 
know that.


know that


nights of study


i want movies with depth


no one dies today


walk on
say nothng
remember this


simon


faith
that’s how he knew there was fish


faith makes you love by will
the only thing that can


Sangre es amor amor es sangre.


Connotations have not words


Python is not intelligent


Python is a way for the creators of programs to express how the conversation is supposed to proceed


No quotes
All stolen


All of my thoughts were stolen from someone else's


machine language
CPU


Albums should be a whole experience
You can only but express your personality through your songs
Through your art


My left hand is sore


Mistake could make me write something else
And that is also good


tiresome to write because it is represented all in zeros and ones
Machine language
Binary


Compilers and interpreters
Compilers the writers of the black scrolls
Interpreters the readers of the black scrolls


Generational doubles all across the world


I know what she thinks


Why did they tell me
Why did they see it as an opportunity


Innocent to the truth
Truth can't be unseen


She loves us 
Mother universe


One version of one story, repeated in an instant


Values to be remembered must be stored in variables


Perfecting the art of free speech as a collective


Print is to verify


All programs are seen in text


Variables contain other variables


The end of one cycle the start of a new


I don't have to wait for that to start my project of a life


You can forget all numbers


Best leave it here


Not enabling nor condemning


Sharing music with strangers
With love no matter whos on the other side
You prove your psychology embodying your philosophy


You can be incredibly cruel
You just don't know how much


We will remember everything


One line at a time becomes an ordered sequence


The black scrolls become one black book
As ordered as it gets at the instant of my death


interchangeable
keywords
Instant
Moment
Time


I go because I need To think 


A cough will blow out your candle


Let the light come natural


Build up momentum
The name of the album is as well the name of the last
Song


It's an entire one song defined by single strophes


compiler translates a program into machine language from a file


You lock up to sleep safe.
Your house is your castle


Your parents won't break your door


I can't think for others
But by writing i an doing it
Writers have already thought for us


 sequence of instructions that the system can execute directly when the user clicks the file icon.
.exe


To not caps write
.like
.this


Program compiled into machine code.
Python


machine-code copy of the translated Python program onto your system
C:\Python35\python.exe


Copy directories here


I'll throw that thermus cap to hell
I'll get a new one
A good one 
To drink some good mates with no anxiety


Helds variable when the program is running
Python


Todo podes escribir en forma de adivinanza


Program that analyzes and executes each line of code
Interpreter


Python is a programme that can be executed by a text editor


Instructions in text editors


I don't want to be right 


Command window


Freesbee
+
Bird
+
Car
.
Sequence starts videoclip


Craft


Copy and paste things here. 
The space for meditation.


When Python is reading your source code from a file, it knows to stop when it reaches the end of the file.


Send things
Don't upload them


sequence of Python statements that have been crafted to do something. 
Program


Put your eyes to rest as many times as you want it


filename = input('Enter file:')
readicion = open(filename, 'r')
counts = dict()
.
for line in readicion:
words = line.split()
for word in words:
    counts[word] = counts.get(word, 0) + 1
.
bigcount = None
bigword = None
for word, count in list(counts.items()):
    if bigcount is None or count > bigcount:
        bigword = word
        bigcount = count
.
print(bigword, bigcount)


help("keywords")
Will list all python's reserved words


You don't need drugs to learn


dict() function creates a dictionary.  collection which is (un)ordered, changeable and indexed


Little space and much room write.


I fastly seeing results


to exchange useful instruction sequences
Python


Say the thing first, name it later


They'll condemn you in many ways


Program to run it an


There's a program running it all.
This words are just words. Variables that contain value.
The value is in the meaning.


Value = meaning


The end of the cycle
What if you start fighting and they fight back


My songs push my own dialectic.


He's guiding individuals. Publicly. JBP my personal hero.


Of course we would all rather be good


Es una misma cuerda se repite cada vez más rápido entonces más corto. 
20-20khz
Crecimiento exponencial
Más rápido sube el pitch se acorta el camino


Es como recorrer una cuadra a la misma velocidad primero a los 10 segundos, después a los 9 después a los ocho.
Si vos vas a la misma velocidad, es la distancia la que se achica, haciéndonos así creer que el tiempo en movimiento sucede más rápido.
Look at the birds look at the sky.


Handle pain as you've done many times.


The Buddha stared an hour into a flower
But in the flower was movement
The wind and its own entire cycle


We are part of a cycle.


La posibilidad de hacer política del lugar que nos toca.


En el momento en que te pones el harapo te convertís en estúpido


No disrespect to philosophy


We are all different gods


There's high reward in everything


One university is one word
Can you make a one classroom university


All docs all different.
Let it be all txt filed somewhere else


File your files


They didn't want us looking up to them


Birds come into your view
The wind moves the trees around you


No me gusta hacer de payaso
Salvo cuando se que me miran y estoy haciendo algo que me gusta


Los callados son los peores porque un día descubren que no eran tan callados


A veces no es atención lo que buscamos sino redención a no poder evitar que otros estén ahí para vernos.


Society gives you the parameters


Don't be with weed in your pockets.
You don't need it.
If you forget it, it will go 


I don't resent people laughing at me.


Growth should be gradual and exponential


One time i fall 
Two time you do


You get to know each other in there
There chances
Three songs.
Three chapters in a book.


I wanted to know what they knew.
The poets
The artists
The courageous
The authentic


Goodness and authenticity
And he don't even know that


No podes ir al revés de como las cosas marchan por su naturaleza


People change their beliefs


The problem is not noticing not noticing. But acknowledging.


Las medias son para los pies


There are ways to include someone


Small is further.
Wider is closer


We are wider in our sight when there are people around us 


I trust him


Look far away.


Infinity through the tiny evermoving dots in the inside of your
Eyelids


I wanted to be the greatest philosopher
Tirar la posta lejos


We don't say all and it's fine that way


La posta here means the truth


Radial
Mechanical


True are has no barriers


True magic need no external ritual
Is pure mind and intelligence expressed and communicated


Many will feel my death


"I want to create an even bigger legend" 


He thinks he's objective but he's just an asshole


Say hi slowly


Acknowledge them


Don't underestimate the power of one man


Siempre un distinto


Many people making diagnosis


Freedom and truth are inseparable


What I don't longer have, cannot help.


Orgulloso de algo a lo que no me dejaba acceder por miedo


Bukowski pero sin la máquina de escribir


There are philosophical principles to everything


Surroundings react to your doings


La metamorfosis de Kafka


Modular programming (also referred to as modular architecture) is a general programming concept. It involves separating a program's functions into independent pieces or building blocks, each containing all the parts needed to execute a single aspect of the functionality.


Genius
Gen
The one who generates


The one who degenerates


genere, gignere


My value is not my philosophy but my art


I value people for their art


It's been long gone


How much do you care 


Why does your body react to things.
Philosophers ain't good people because they're observers and describers


High IQ not related to good morals


High vibration not related to good morals


High IQ plus philosophy is the whole secret
High IQ being something you have access too
High creativity = high IQ
Ability to react differently each time a similar pattern emerges.


Manson was the energy i used to push back those demons


How much is too much momentum.


Nothing will represent me but by own voice


I don't claim to be God the creator of all things even though I'm a creator of things but I'm as well a creation


Uncreated creator is where the cycle stops


Where there is art I want it


Desiring is not the cause of all suffering. 
Well it is. But desire is not be per se.


Ya lo sabes con el tiempo vas perdiendo soles


Cuál es el largo y cuál es el ancho de tu vida


Noches abrigadas son lindas dormirlas


El tema de como se duerme a la noche es todo un tema


How can you in your analysis split one in many.


Nutrient reach


Women trait


Aura stored energy


48 principles of power


A place is not just a place
A place is also in time


People devoted to mayhem and trouble


Writing one sentence seen as an achievement


he smoked as if smoke bothered him


it is weird how you’ll relate to the world if you grow up unconditionally loving your closer ones adscribing to reality


i don’t care if the sentence didn’t make sense


i didn’t say when i got hurt
they made me feel guilty


there are deep layers of and deep layers of orders and now the way it’s shown is explosive and impulsive. they way it can be if you are in control


i dont care fixing my sentences 


stylkes can vary because you don’t always operate with the same energy. 


write, as a practice, to write looking only at the keyboard


don’t private yoursel;df from sight.  soight was meant to see. mind eye to acknowledge.  mind ears are meant to acknowledge.  ears are meant to hear. 


what are thing’s functions. what they provoke


the worst mother and teacher i’ve ever had wasn’t even my own.
one made us typewrite with our hands covered, looking at the mistakes
not down at our hands, looking at what we were doing


the castrating production of wrecks is vanishing


mejor de los soldados esta el que esta mas tranquilo


the worst beating they’ve ever got


try with telling the truth, each and every time. 
he’s been doing that
fixing it
correcting
improving
moving
upwards
forwards
higher
wider
spreader


las drogas son como el grafico del mercado


innocence lost young


i considere it to be blue grading to black


como no vas a escuchar lo que estas haciendo
por que elegirias no hacerlo
en caso de poder
querer
hacerlo


todo el esfuerzo que la gente hace es esfuerzo que ellos dicen cargar cuando en realidad hacen esfuerzo porque hacen todo lo que no tienen ganas de hacer
que tanto esfuerzo deberia ser


la ciencia son los magos de hoy
los que representan la verdad
la magia pura


my eyes get hyperfocused if you change from the phone writing to the wall


i dont try to make sense now 
im trying tyo get the thought across\
some parts that look liek rooks\ rocks\there is dirt and there is mud and there is blood and there is grass


you have many times of experiences
many years 
whomever you may be
you’ll perfect any art
is sickening as much as almost can be called beautiful
the art is in the ways
there is good art and bad art as there’s good and bad religions, spiritualitis. 
the thing’s they thrive on and the things that makes them low
what unstables them


things are only going to get worse.
things can only go worse from now on///


he things people went there to see him on makeup
that only suited you for a while man
its fine you experiment it
there are some weird mid life crisis


make people more happy no more miserable


Ella es la duena de la casa


antes la casa era un lugar mas caotico, tambien mas divertido


dominante sobre el orden de todas las cosas
someter a otros a la voluntad de su casa
una casa es un castillo
lo reina la princesa luego reina


te va corriendo 


el olor a chivo que tenes


///////?????????!!!!!!!!


 be moderate in your reactions
unless you mean them


you have no tactics with no soldiers 


i know the strategies are being set


this is war with many people, seen as if a negotiation is going on, meditating in between many other people


war of ideas is only not wrong but desirable
war should respect the limits of the body, directly or indirectly


product of undiagnosed parents


narcissist traits have been normal for a while
don’t know how many years


seguir en la mia
what does it mean


mean 
the book of meanings


the black books remains black as long as you dont write in it
you need to mean it for it to be true
its constituted of pure meaning


it can be just one source of information
nowadays, education is donde naturally


low iq is an indication of bad mental state


how can you call an illness something virtual
does it refer to specifics
does it bother you
does it put to much weight on you
does it seem that you are not like that yet you are?
it’s just one shadow, one light


tu sombra puede cambiar
things you are aware now you can not be in the future
things you werent aware now you are
you cast the shadow


i dont see my progerssive side when im seeing the conservative side and viceversa


place is also place in time
there are people that occupy place in your head
place = time


she stole your place


it horrified me to understand that he hasnt’t figured it out
that he lives in horror 


many regrets


do it for the many regrets
do it for the memories
do it for the prides
do it
not doing something is also doing
when that something takes place
there’s place in your head that can be 


i never talked about money
as if money was a bad thing


he remembers things to match his new perceptions
he doesn’t remember much now 


llega un momento donde ni les molesta ni quien esta
van a ponerse agresivos entre si


a wrong conclusion can start it all


spiritual bondage is at a much higher stake


i found a place that is comfortable enough to write and enjoy the view and spend hours lying down
lets see what i think about this in the next few minutes


no dates
no weeks
no months
no anchores
no earth


a virgo without earth
they took earth away from me
they gave me reason because they weren’t listening


the days i started realising how much they weren’t paying attention


The concrete thought you need to have to enjoy certain things


You can be a no one of low value


I stand with no one other than myself


There are different types of truths


Hurtful truths are anecdotic truths


He manipulated me
Used to use me as s comodín


Truth
Class
Anecdotic
Hurtful


Learning how to program is learning how to translate everything into variables


It is a practice that requires some practice


The need for rest


I lost my charm quite young


Judging yourself and others
That's how you lose it
You enact


I smoke weed because then I like to think


I just write what I see 
I claim no authority
I stand before nature 


Of course I can write one paragraph inside other paragraph between two older paragraphs


I stand before nature


Some lines come up twisted


There's a way of doing things


Just ignore me
I don't mind


Impredecible


Es natural el fenómeno histórico de la vuelta de las drogas


Una pueblada
Se organizan
Se va a poner peligroso


No conspiracy theory
All political forces


Quantum forces didn't speak back then


I'm not all the time of the awareness of others


Voices speak
The world expresses itself


Instead of freaking out I should write
Coming back to my senses
Being aware of the time in which it has transcurred


Politics are rather private
People don't want to think big things
Not for long
Hermits live in isolation because then they can think


Es hora de que se empiecen a replantear algunas cosas


Politics derive from philosophy


The battle is philosophical
I'm not stepping in politics


It's not that is not public the war on politics: how things should be based on philosophical principles


A metaphysical war


A school of philosophers


Maybe he was a good thinker from a young age


The king of kings
Builds a school of philosophers
A church
Presuppositions about what is reality and what is not


Cuack cuack


Lo que a nosotros nos parece gracioso


Emotionally shut down implied what when you asked him about something you just saw, he went "naada, pero no…"


Father expert gaslighter


Es una especie de simbiosis


Away from reality


I'm unaware


Aware of others awareness


Why do I want to skip the paragraph


I'm not doing more than sitting my ass down


Why did warmth bother me so much


My life was a horror movie


Skipped timeframe


The change of thoughts is done with the mind not the keyboard


This is the faster way to write
Maybe they'll even improve it in the future
Drawing to write


What if I just hold it
As if I had to


Silvina


No remorse
Somewhat is not there
The difference is between what has been done and hasn't


Her fucked up mind was parasitic


What vibes was I sending


La calma de un artista


It's the flesh what's held accountable


Uno cada uno y lo pongan en la mesa de luz


She got worse
Was she always like this


Next


I have to not care once again. 
Death makes it worth it
There's no place for you in my mind
No spacial no mental


Mental espacial 
Espacial mental


Losing yourself in the depths of the mind has nothing to do with getting lost in the body incarnate


Get your life in order


It wants you to see all of it and to do what you think
And it's a race


Idealising next situations


I have 192 bottles


Los nervios se ven


Don't lose track of what you say/don't say


science fiction bends the laws of physics, doesn’t break them
uses what could be possible but instead isnt actual


once you grab it, you can always go back toit
the philosopher’s stone


everyone wrote looking at the screen. i wrote looking at the keyboard


i dont mean everyonje and me as if i was special and they were different but as if i was one differentiated from others and the one i objectify with


i don’t identify with my body, i objectify.
im only an object as much as the body


i listen to the typing characters of the keyboard


writers write many sentences in different conditions
not always they are good writers
even though they might have been for quite a while


it is crazy that i want to enjoy writing without wanting to actualy be typing at the time
i drink mate, smoke a cigarette or want to smoke more weed
weed stops tomorrow, until i have my own plant
i wish i could see the results of having been exposed to sun light and wind                                                                                                           


the turmoil of symbology
many don’t know it
many do
those who do, aren’t capable of ignorantly commiting certain acts
those who don’t are exposed to the irregularities of its own psyche and nature, whats merged of both and seen as one


seeing the multiplicity makes you one
even you can be seen from an observer’s point of view
1
2


use numbers for variables
age = 2


no solo es tu opcion, es tambien tu responsabilidad


i should stop thinking at times
i should know when to stop
there are no big consequences now that im in control
now that i can think fast and slow, think creatively and freely
think logically, within reason, irrationaly, infinitiely
i can also stop, but i just wont do it
as if not thinking was a waste of time
i need not to think
i need to stop
to do without thinking
or to not do without thinking
you need to empty your mind
remember your nature
remember the numbers
remember art


breathe one before doing anything


yo emito pensamientos
hasta que no lo se 
me condenan


respiracion = vida
vida = inhalacion + exhalacion
inalacion = [0; 10]
exhalacion = [-10; 0]
rest-points=2


cryptic why not


how cryptic can truth get


hay un lugar apra todo eso y es la musica


no estoy intentando decir la verdad todo el tiempo
a veces intento decir lo que me gusta


there they come all the demons
that’s how they thought
get them married so they don’t know they they all share the same secret


let them reunite


people’s thoughts change from one way to the other


education builds
education is propper and is owned
education is given and is taken
education is a personal responsibility
education is not a belief system but a system of beliefs 
education is dismantled 
education is dismantling
building 


i didn’t have much character education


juajua


i always heard her talking good things about me
that was the trick
it was a lie
it was all fights
we didn’t get along and half an our ago i was being called a dumbass
no i’m suddenly smarter than the other kids of my age
go figure


marlboro red is supposed to be spicy


i’m immune to her


spiciest tabacco in town


cuando la vara de tu temperamento es su enojo
cuando la vara de tuc omportamiento es su enojo
entonces estas en problemas
toxer
correr
non pusher
puller


people are either a puller or a pusher you can choose to push them or pull them
if you ar egoing to pull and they are pullers, the harder it is for you to change it


viejos pajeros los que se creyeron especiales


especialidad esta en la unidad, nunca en la historia
tu historia es mi historia, su historia
es arquetipica y solo las formas cambian
es cyclica repetitiva
es mitica
es exagerada
distorsiojnada
no corresponde con la realidad
la historia es de uno, a uno le corresponde narrarla
sin dudas
totales certezas


antesd de una autobiografia, uno aclara que los hechos de l aficcion estan mezclandos con los de la realidad


a veces son tan burdos que aburren
a veces son tan burros que aburden


its cold in the nasal bolds


i need to forget about smoking


im compulsive right now


i now my level of risk being inside my own house


i know how much damaging music can be


i now how troubled you can get without guidance


i know how failures they think they are


they are and were failures
precisely looking it through their optics
from afar
you can be more just in your judgements


my mom’s samara


knowledge is defense


like the eagle, looking everything from apart


like the caranchio


like the carancho


like the caranchio


who the fuck cares how much


if keyword aint exact please suggest a similar word that is inside of the text
return=character deviation by 3


cada uno pone su malta


one album is just one album


you cant stretch your neck and your legs at the same time


you could be writing any bullshit even though you dont care


fuck apostropheeesssss


grammar sucks the sheitttts


the quest of life is to prove yourself free will
h9ow? writiong mechanical writing


wrandom writing


shuffler


shuffler of paragraphs by keyword modules


to any module you can apply any filter


the eyues of the lord are infinite memory


i rememeber everything


calling a function
calling()


closing my eyes and thinking someone was about to punch me


he was triggered
but triggers built first momentum


sudden triggers does not exist


free will is a realisation of inteligence. we have to get there with education
the education is just one same conclusion but let’s see who puts it better in words.


it is easy to write with the keyboard on the floor


how much chaos can you handle without becoming a beast


jung’s becoming popular


students of different schools, different philosophers


in the bushes theres always a sound that sounds as a tiger stalking


i dont care enough to revisit old mistakes
let things stay the way the arent, thought iun writing may be fixable, so its not in real life so we trate to emulate the natural order of mind and life with the writing, do not echeat, do not print something that was not ttyped do not edit . all raw and unprocessed.  the software is where this all fit in place, you can split sentences and edit them in modules
modular wrioting where each module adds 
la a cartonboard where you stick things to it


cant care for a split second


it’s just not there, and i won’t keep looking


he was looking for remorse and couldn’t find it
he thought he was wrong so then started testing
of course he was ashamed, but only when he was reminded of it
he did not talk about it and avoided thinking about it
he was ashamed but was no remorse
his attitude is after years of dealing with that idea
the degeneration of the brain comes from thought pattern behaviour, (not\or) the other way around


there’s a carancho flying over me as i write this
there’s beauty in placing your phone in random places to write
you should wriet outside more often
there’s no need to spend all of your mornings in your room studying
you can study anywhere
of course i’m absent when i think that thinking is somewhat more important or relevant than the thing that i’m doing right there right then
being human is fucked up
a garza or ciguena tambien vuela por aca arriba  en circulos, como el carancho
que animal grande y pesado debee ser


se junta la garza cieguena con los tres caranchos alla arriba en el cielo, 


make sure your phone aint close to the sun


how many useless lines can you write


how do you know what is useless until you have it at your disposure


put all cards on the table
do not discard anything without previously analyzing it


i first just wanted to understand


poliglota en 44 minutos


how many senseless lines can you write
truth may be found in whatever
it does not matter if you meant, didnt mean to say it
meant nor meant, truth is uncovered and discovered. nothing to do there
nothing to do in that realm
nothing to do with stigmatizarion
stigmata dogmata


i made the decisioin not to fix any of my lines ever again
i need to learn what it means to live with my consequences


what colour man do you want to be


how is it that they do not want to learn theory of colour


colour implies many frequencies


why are you avoiding controversy


what many have questioned you will to 
there is no other to your existence
we are all at the same stage
in the same wagon
the same reality 
the same take from everything


i do not care how much of it makes sense


i hear the lancha and couldn’t care less


fuck you i know what you tell you


bla bla bla


consistency comes after time of chaotic stepping


random roundabouts


Outside time transcurs differently


How can I write in every position


How can I write without my words interrupting my mind.


I can't walk


What's the sense


Grief


It's just your body telling you what others think


Maybe saving them from him


Hay un pensamiento homólogo


Sax not for dirt


I could almost grasp a system of belief that made sense in my dreams
It made sense for me awake, not asleep


"El abrazo del pueblo es la contracara del odio" 
Ja.


I can't detach from my own story 


 Unable to learn from experience


can be genuinely saddened by their inability to control it.


These persons may feel that they are prisoners of their own etiological determination and believe that they had, in comparison with normal people, fewer opportunities or advantages in life.


adapt and participate in an empty, unreal life, or do not adapt and live a lonely life isolated from the social community


known for needing excessive stimulation


many psychopaths are disheartened by their inability to control their sensation-seeking and are repeatedly confronted with their weaknesses
As psychopaths age, they are not able to continue their energy-consuming lifestyle and become burned-out and depressed while they look back on their restless life full of interpersonal discontentment. Their health deteriorates as the effects of their recklessness accumulate.


How deep does your charm run


violent psychopaths ultimately reach a point of no return, where they feel they have cut through the last thin connection with the normal world. Subsequently, their sadness and suffering increase, and their crimes become more and more bizarre.6


Replace feeling for thinking


They have mythological thinking overdeveloped


Each created his own sadistic universe to avenge his experiences of rejection, abuse, humiliation, neglect, and emotional suffering


Successful people aren't any less impulsive


sensation-seeking and an incapacity to learn from experiences, might be linked to cortical underarousal.


"I'm getting the most out of it"


Finding out new things on your own produces serotonin


Chicken and broccoli


capacity for concentration and attention increased


Phrases that stuck with you forever 


It's just the word that is noise


Situación de delirio institucional 


Uno elige sus colaboradores


Mensaje mafioso
Repugnante
Condenable


mujer de alto mantenimiento;
mujer de alto valor


“el valor de una mujer es el fisico, 100%”


value is not in our physics


important, a factor
but irrelevant
in the end
its value is not defined by its physics


a man works in its value
they doing the same won’t make them valuable
strong women doesn’t equal valuable


i find it useful to talk about my own shadow through the one thing that is uncknowledgable to me 
the opposite sex
my shadow


estupideces de la sociedad


bad boys. 
no las toman en serio


strength refers to us


value decreases


juventud fertilidad y belleza


i see value there, but there is more to it, they too need to work for it
value is of character


respeto comprensión compromiso


i edit with no sound


arriba de 30 años tienes que tener propósito


30 years apenas estas empezando a vivir
tu capacidad de aportar


estar en la posicion de hacerlo
poder
poder hacer


no hablas directo no hablas de frente
como que vibras
te pones nervioso
como que tiemblas


hacer cerveza es exactamente como cocinar


don‘t give her attention
she does not deserve it


i don’t only refer to myself in my writings


sensation doesn’t happen when you are not stimuled


what difference does it make


i am a writer i should write, whatever subjects that comes


philosophers ain’t really characterized for being good people
that’s not how they are seen anyways
in order to find truth you need to forget all goodness
they see just one song
one of many
the same mystery comes as being the same two, beginning and end
the mythos changes for every individual reflecting reality in its own perception
reality mirrors itself in us


andasa berr


wai wrait laik dat


i have the false belief that she doesn’t think for herself
she’d like that to be the case, but they ain’t
we have to bear our thoughts, whether we like them or not


we all sense differently

not guided by sense are the paranoid, who trust their own sensing to act


how much can you trust your senses
use your comprehension


that philosophy didn’t get him far


all of your personalities collapse if you don’t sense
you should be able to trust your senses
if you don’t you can’t act


just a micro dosage
you don’t need to feel the high
you need things to feel better, not to do better


you can talk about other people
if it’s not good. 
why do you make me say it?


humans are complex
even the most evil ones


there is a normality, but it is not what you think


you just have to know one software


she’s bpd


fl st


I have already been through the worst part.
Now I can live
Before I couldn't 
And that made all the difference
Talk about what makes the difference
0=1-1
i have one personality
that of a philosopher
i care about nothing but the way of learning
they are making it a politics game and other a nature game
the best way to teach us about our existence is through the own cycles of nature


god complex is i guess what they’d define someone who explained themselves in an hermetic way. 
that shouldn’t be reason enough for diagnose


an entire philosophy based on the hypocrisy of humanity's own shadow. the things that they didn’t know was that no others saw what you saw


i ask myself what would be wise to know


doesnt mattter no make sense


im not crazy just writing strangely


antisocial behaviour
he tried to remain calm
he expressed no joy and saved it from himself
at burst he exploded
it was a secret he was happy


who claims to say that he’s not crazy


insanity is a spectrum
oscilating between your senses
and your thoughts
your thoughts have to match your views
then your body will follow
you cantt just lie to yourself
if doesnt dont make sense it wilkl stuck woithcyiu that is way 
lovers and haters alike. 
they’ll all want to see proof//


writing is just that 


why dont you use more yiur better finger
i dont know 


cutting parapgraphs


i’ll stop judging others


you all have different personalities
he belives he is authority
when people believe in what you say, that’d give you authoity. the thing is, not necessarily
i didn’t want things to mean what they did as well
i’m using my analysis capacity to rephrase the original thought and istead fix with a newer perspective and studies what is left to process
see only the last word
i never just stay looking at the screen
i should do that
i need to remember that im writing
having no respect for things and thinking that people are things is a dangerous equation
the difference is the equation that they make
why should i feel shame for how  i write?


he must have been devastated through the whole process
you should unveil it and see it’s just 


i went deep  into me,,,,, every time i smoked and went in there for images and answers


the question is not wheter you should loook or not at something but what should yo do 
what should you do
whats your tryue role in things
i disliked grammar 
mayusculas
whatthefuckkk
you have the responsibility of being a 
you are scared


we are all just ticking time bombs


creative writing will be like that, ill write like this
puntos and commas


what goes together and not goes togheter will be defined in the software


it helps you edit each paragraph randomly


edit the original
duplicate


i should write without separation
just one line below, the next one
that way i could write a lot without loosing track of my fingers on the keyboard


u di bnit care uf u naje errires
u beed ti ogran nysekf agaub ti bit hyst ckucj ti ==t=wi tunes tge erasubg tiik uf u naje a nustaje


tgubj befire tyoubg
yiy cab;t type with your thinking elsewhere
thinking id ythr dsy statyong  poiuny 
mp nrrf       fot technique as long as the key is pressed
i do not wwant to press so much of the keyboard i just want it wtoi write i dont care about nmm8istajkes i wont be editing yet ill prioritize what im thinking soi i dion thave to cuit the entire fproceess of thinkinng for just a freew words that are wrong the break in the word is alllso a breajk in the process thinnkling there is first a frdraft sentencing and a a editing snentnece e
le tloose what the fuck does it matter if you write oirderly or not stoop being praised by his  empty words
tiene miedo pobre


she wanted to see me emotionless
she has goodness in her its just very little


im done lying 
im not docondemning anyone


jesusnfirst was the degenerate that judged himself, was ashamed, regretful, deviant, reached the bottom of psyche, called god, the core that unites it all
the value that integrates the others
jesus knew god then preached it
not so different 
hace rato no me quedo en casa a njo hacer nada
las veces que me he quedado he estado haciendo algo todas las verces
creo que a la computadora ya la habia desenchufado met engo que fijar que no se llueva nada importante iporque se largo a llover en el rancho 
se ve que la comida no se hace
obviamente uno piensa cosas mientras piensa otras cosas
yo solo necesito escribir
dibujar


things like their birthday makes them feel unimportant
stupid shit he brought to her


simp
i should write each day without interrupting the lines


writing is a healing process
you are encountering things that first were there to begin with but was taken from you
so thei are resentful
taken
they feel victims
only because they can’t get out of their heads


not all thoughts mean what you first think


they scatter my mind
once more
im worry about him
his mental and physical health
woehber wants to judge will judge\
ill do whats is best for thew self interest of the entire thing
the self is individual pero es collective


stop tputting to breaks stopwithbthebreaks
afsoftwarethatisabreakerofwords
wordstgeneratedbytthesameprogram
weachtimeawrodsisrepeatedthe
you don’t think with spaces in between
theywanttobeatruestoryoftransformationandtheyjustcant
theysurrenderttotheirsamefearsfantasiesimpulsesdesiresbutonlyafterawhileofbbuildingupcuttingupthebuildupisencounteringsubtlesensationyoudontneedto havehad a good childhood to feel good about living
just sit down the sun, and do nothing
enjoy your solitude, trying to find yourself
it is as well a responsibility


ask for help
when is it necesarrywhowwouldtyouknowitishardforittorecognizwefowordsorseparetethemwhydoyoucaresomuchaboutmistakesarentyouallowedtocallthemthat?doing the one thinguntilyoufindabetteroneforyourandothersinterest
the collective interest would be me 
it is mort important to have the triop becauise there is where it all comes from
te tirodlos dos lados de la cuestion\
eso no es ser acsertivo
hay que tenetr personalidad solamente para que no te la llevenpuesta
comonovaasermasrapidoescribirtodoseguido
tengoqueescribirtodoseguido yqueelparrafomepsepareentreunaoracion y otra entre una palabrayotra
somuchwasteoftimeinhearebutnoneedtogothroughtitallnotallarejuicypartsbutinsteadbullshitcrappriorizingmybestinterestinmyworstwritingswhydoyoutakeinaccounthumanitywhenyouaredoingadraft
sepinchodicen
noesestomejoraunparaleer?aundislexiconoleqcuestamasleerseparadodequedecorridowporquequerestenergramaticaperfectaqueestupidezxlagramaticaqhuchupamelaaaaaiejidas
noesperfectaeslaquetocanocomasnopuntosquehalguienmefelicitepormipuntuacionquemedigalobienqueescribosoloporponerlascomasdondecorresponden.sedondevanperonolasquieroponer.itsawasteoftime.dictionariesthereareplenty
you can split and merge words
imjusttiredofthequalityofmythoughtsorsothoughithoughttowatextentareweionsaeistherightwordallofmythoguuthsaredraftststoptakingthemsoseriouslywhatyoushoulddowiththeiractionswhatshouldyoudowithyourtije?nothingexcepteconomy
i just have neough energy toimprovemyselfandinthatwayimproveothers
icantlovesomeonewhodoesnotcomenaturally
pitywont buy it
shescalledpityandthat’swhatsfunny.theonlytrhing
thereneedstobeonesepartion
justsentenceswithoutspacesandbrokenbyanenter
likethis
whatdoyousay
isitwasytowrite
spaceshavenotonality
spaceshavenoroominyourhead
yetyouknowtheyexist
donodenytherealityyouarein
thefuckingthingrecognizedmyhorrors
itsjustonealbum
oneexperiment
itsallbrakes
ishouldthinkbeforewritting
thatwayitwouldnbesohard
translationfrommindtopencilisahardthing


howmucheasilyyoucan typwithoutspaces
inrealityisheardbuticannot do  it anyotherwaybreaksareputinyourmindinthepaperwontleaveathingwontserveanypurpose
youcansplititsending


hes creating a schoolofphilosophers
allphilosophers are


youcanletotherpeoplebegreattoo


 They believe everyone is going to do something to them


They have times of lucidity


Thinking is the only silent experience


Typing with the phone is almost silent


Cabeza adelantada
I was putting my chin down


Reading the other silent experience


Strangling me


I required surgery and didn't have it


Am I talking about me


Everything at her expectations and not yours


Think within your own language then you have philosophy


Typing on phone is silent 


Cuando te necesitan te llaman


I'm not at their disposal 


I do not have place for them when I'm not willing to give it 


It's very different to Witte with the left hand under the right hand




The glasses over the mirrors move


Filósofos escriben inspirados por


They lie by omission


They skip responsibility


It targets primary control
Restrained emotion desire and impulses


Degradation


Productivity unfulfilling and unrewarding


Weak inferior and vulnerable


Mentally torturing remarks


Attacks primary control


Every decision they make will always lead to something worse.
It derives in co dependency


For weakness hurting is not too good


I was wanted obedient and came up disobedient


In SA covert abusive behaviours seem to be normalised even by mental health professionals


Push pull will split


There's verbal abuse and constant shame
Fear of unleashing here wrath


Ultimately a person of peace


They love to disappoint you then observe your reaction


Affection and aggression


Dark empaths


What is done in the dark will come to light


Realise how much denial you've lived in


Castratti
Castration by spelling


"I don't need input from you… period"


Actions should be logical or that's what I thought
You need reason to do things


It is personalities because animic state miss swings
Is not a different persona, but a different personality.


"When you are constantly questioning yourself, you are questioning the wrong person".


In between that push and pull there was me and my sister


Conditioned to distrust my own opinions.


Ella pidiéndonos cosas todo el tiempo que nos viera


She'd sent us to do things.


Proper golden silence
;
No (without saying no)


Un mayor caudal de energías mentales y físicas
Parenting


Notice the glimmer at the horizon that's calling you elsewhere


Parents are not supposed to drain you, suck the life out of you


is it good
is it useful
is it true


i don’ appreciate what the mate is doing to me 


back up every monday


what do you prefer?


You don't exaggerate real pain


why are certain somes more than others?
they have no idea who they are creating


ed the perfect monster
se encargan de perseguir al responsable
quien es el responsable de todo
want to make what happened a matter of guilt?
of course it’s not all on her
you make your own decisions
it’s not your fault that you are not able to connect with your surroundings or others
do not despair
yo need fresh senses, to forget your past self that is only an evolution of a toxic trait you have, but in no way a part of you, and less, you entirely
forget who you are, you don’t know it
itsokaytowritewithoutbreaks
arekeywordshighlightedthisway?
alteregos you have many
because you don’t know how to behave in each context
if you behave your way in every context, maybe you aren’t so sane either
structures are dynamic, your role in each situation is differnt
of course you have to adapt, but as well you have to follow a natural order.
it’s not about you imposing your energy in each one
i do not like the attention
i hate compliance
do not be agreeable or likable around me
not for long
not for much
don’t be fake
don’t smile to me if you don’t want to
everything is fine between us
don’t force
don’t bend
don’t claim for my attention
don’t try and make me feel guilt
or shame
don’t victimize yourself, just because you are weaker
nada es nunca tan asi


Save yourself the headache of loving a person like this.
A person for whom nothing is never enough


They are terrified of us taking and my writing


Take the time to see how you look


You don't need drugs to think; you don't need them to write


; acts as a "then"


You can't talk about the superficiality of a word by enclosing it with brackets
People talk in brackets within books because there's a hearing voice within words
Words within words
Understand words to understand dreams
There's a karmic dream and is one of words
They may look as such and such but they are certainly not
Hear them speak
Watch them move
Don't you be kidding yourself


Psyche constituted of objects


Sense of honesty
They blame 


Psychological limp


Trust stepped all other


Recently to criticism
False guilt and shame


Shuttered self esteem


Don't let bitterness and anger and resentment be defining features


Don't do the opposite to all just because


You don't like control condescende or being used
Better alternatives 
Self respect dignity empathy engage with other individuals


Listen to what your gut tells you


Align yourself with lifelong learners


Narcisst tried to rob you from your distinctiveness


She's not entitled to truth
They're not ultimate determiners of truth
The troubled person is not the standard bearer


You can not possess what's in the interior of me
I'm reclaiming that


Derecho a piso
De la piel para adentro


"I'm worth the effort"


When pleasing you is killing me


17 de octubre


Low valued orbiters


They only care about the emotional high


To make something possible, practical or easy for someone to do or be that often perpetuates a problem rather than solves it
Enabling


It don't actually needs to be done to be felt


I'm gonna do nothing but write everything


Criticize the bad and celebrate the good


Why do you care about others 


My only desire is to be good to my own conclusions


Confusion if not
Fear if not
Rage


Valid authority rests in the people


Compulsion goes unconscious
Comes from not listening to the body or noisy body


She praises your for what she cares about not your virtues


She made me decompose


You are the bad guy
The unreasonable one


Individual boundaries blurred beyond recognition


She glowing and smiling, with the toalla surrounding her as she just got out of shower 
"No es para que te enojes sabes" le dijo
"No me enojo…" dismissing
Y continúa la rosca


Either a direct criticism or an implied one


She told me I didn't need help
I wasn't the stupid one
I can't possibly struggle
No needs met.


Raised by multiple maidens


Born broken


Quiero rodearme de la palabra hablada


No appropriate self image


She thought having a name was enough to have her back forever
The crystal castle is fragile


What are the qualities of your thoughts
El tuyo en vos
El tuyo en otro
El otro en vos
El otro en otros


Your heart is a balloon


They have a relaxed relationship with the truth


I should be proud of him of what he managed to get me out of
I am proud even after description
Thanks for your art


A button to randomise


Save your heart 


"So you'll always be craving the dream fuck"


The dead eye look she gave me
That stare
The hook in the eyelid
And I was to blame
For the accident


You can tell all of your stories with poetry


Her own perception is distorted 
And reassured
And validated
I can't blame her for her shadow
I can't blame her either for her shadow
She too was daughter of a narcissist
It runs through family
obsessed to know if she saw her shadow or not
i can bare someone not knowing that what they are doing is wrong
but it is hard for me to understand the ones who do wrong knowingly
they are more interested in decsconcertarte
make youu look somewhere else
don’t stare at me im a monster
look there, while i do damage somewhere else


i do not care any longer for any of my desires
im a writer and as such i write
im a philosopher and as such i reclaim my right to truth
im an artist and so i improve my ways
youll always find way tyto improrve yopur ways. to improve art
to move, more efficiently, more beautifuly


are there flesh artists?


things can go macabre, or just oscure
the grey areas are okay to show
you can be edgy, but how far are you willing to go to cause a reaction
i knew they didn’t care about me, otherwise theey’d help me. at least one of the times
no word directed
left alone to think
and so now that that curse turned into a blssing, no one elses wants it
he does communicate his desires but in different ways
im just too word of a person
i communicate to their words instead of their feelings 
unas palabras de aleinto tampoco vendrian mas
es mi problema o el suyo el no tener credibilidad.


con la izquierda sostengo el teclado con el pulgar.
con la derecha sostengo el teclado con el pulgar.
ahora escribo muchisimo mas rapido


siempre crei que la g y la h areran el medio del teclado.
pero le corresponden a cualquiera de las dos manos
la que llegue primero
a veces tipea una, a vecs la otra
lo que perdi por unas semanas fue la habilidad de sacar insights the tocas las cosas y que eso me resultara gratificante
la diferencia entre la sanidad y la neurosis es que los nuevos aprendizajes de un lado te hacne mas pequeno, del otro te hacen mas grande
we need to explode in energy in healthier ways
fui all in, and im not scared of what ive dfound
i doscovered all colors
all songs
united by the one piece of art
that has infinite ways
we should what we make of this life
i used to not like any gatherings
at all
antisocial
what part of memakes me evil? my doubrs? my questionns? that’s all i had
but i had no answers, and no one was silling to answer me
all the fucked up shut that occurred in the world, and everyone seemed to not be affected by it. living superfitial lies normally
one thing you can tell for sure, the concern of evil is for them who do horrendous things, a very relevant matter
you are told what is good, whats supposed to happen.
you are told whats bad, whats not supposed to happen.
but the one saying that is good acts wrong. tells you that is not wong and it does not make sense
or they hurt you and pretend it to be good
the lrearn how to influence people, because they have a compulsion that needs resolution, and they believe it’s in the world outhere. when in reality is within and just taught, but the best way of teaching haven’t been thought of
don’t keep truth to yourself
stories of great transformation
believe everything they tell you
people don’t speak only with their words
i do not care what that stare means, i won’t look at it
i refused to look at her
im touching issues of life and death here
i figured how things copuld go wrong
maybe shell tell me something i dont want to listen
i dont want her part of the story and that is my boundarie
the moment i’ll be living ill decide it at the time
you just discovered the best way to type lying down. too bad you cant see shit of what you are writing, but you are capable of typing things with little to no grammar mistakes and with just seeing the keyboard you can tell you are write. dont know in what peorcentage, even though i look at it every now and then to fix some mistakes i know ive done with my hands but didnt meant to with my head\
are head and hands aligned?
use your foor more
you can always leave
unless they physical restraint you
but theren is little to no room for that to happen if you engage in conversatiuons through your phone


he doesnt expr3ess himself poorly with his body. 


just relaxed you are your authentic self
realise who you are so you dont become violent
violence is your energy directed. it cant lead your life nor your mind
really no need little to no nned for things other than warmth that prevents you from feezing, a bed that prevents you from depravation and food that prevents you from starving


holding the world with your thumbs


i start making more mistakes when i look at the screen and not my keyboard
im high maybe thats why
o get ddistracted at what i was doing
immerse in some of my distractions
he’s not bad spoken, hes not a bad thinker, but hes in a bad state
i should bring him over to fiishing or something
theres wind today but in a warm day im going to invite him over
i know he likes it and would appreciate a day away from all that nonsense and see the trees and that everytrhing is fine and his life is not worth shit
he possess the same value i do
should we all b etreated with equal respecT?
does someone lose respect to you?


he changed his life around
all could tell
it’s a constant struggle with yourself until the end. different moods can ride you to think arguments in favor of things that were already dissolverd, and its not until you find again that conclusion, that you find peace of mind
in reality, peace of mindis given just by a few breathes and senses back into reality
you need reality
you can escape from it
nor you want it


porn destroys your brain
short looped into release
i hope its over


the pieces of informationn that you pick up from places
its different everywhere
and you try to find the one that sattisfies your needs
the first need being emptyness
you need to be fulfilled
and you are not wrong
but you are seeing the problem uncorrectly
you are seeing it wrong
in infinite possibilities there are not problems but a mystery, that equals zero.
analyse my words and imply that i haven’t changed
in infinite possibilities there is just one mystery
existence
everything else is a myth
how much of art comes from it, if not all.
how many movements did it take for existence to be art
was it art from the beginning?
an atom that explodes with the sufficient information to produce infinite minds existing in a parallel universe in wich they exist
and lketting them to figure out the mystery,m by bneing themselves a mystery
every mystery is the same thing 
so nothing at all, becomes all that there is
that is whay its zero,
its nulity and the totality


i know i may be it because there is a place and there is a way and i see through
is that my calling?
how im supposed to react to opportunities that i have? my decisions change my life. ive proved that to be the case with everything
yet, many things i didnt know
the sense of guilt comes from a lack sense of honesty


i dedicate the software to my mother and fatehr, and i wish they’d be alive to try it out and sort things out
an encrypted diary, of just text.
the software has as much space as the pendrive its in
when you click on the pendrive disk it should open the softwarte, not the storage


el me escucha
a veces soy yo el que no lo escucha a el


i dont think ive changed
i just reclaimed myself


maybe it was what i needed at the time


i was trying to hack my way to sanity


now that i know it, it is wrong
i know something when its convincing enough


the reactions of your body will let the doubts get in


hold no resentment


emotion don’t determine your actions, once you know emotion don’t determine your action
that’s the funny thing about this


i want to know that i can be here writing and won’t be interup[ted or bothered


we are conditioned through our phones
maybe i should by the combo for her and myself so we could talk and ill take my opportunity


i know im not because thats not what i think about
thinking about something doesnt mean you vbelieve it


doubting of being something doesn’t make you something


they foment the confusion and doubts and put confused people on charge and in power and now eyes are opening to a reality that is soon to be unveiled. historical moments of great importance are happening right now and nothing is going to change that
when you cross your eyes seeing down youc an read with a three d perception
usialy we use 2d to cause impression


she knew what was wrong in the eyes of god


those torturing religions systems should not be allowed to exist
spirit can’t be taken 
ritualise in commuinity but with no building


popes and fucking monigots


“how far could this get?”
i wondered
then i watched the world
then i was convinced enough
to think to know, what was coming to me
the worst destiny ever imagined
your worst suffering is in your shadow and that is why you need strength along the way


i kept saying to myself, there is nothing you can’t write about enought times to convince myself, take the courage to do it, and go fucking write it
i write about everything, just sometimes being careful with ym words
jnot because of the reader, of who i dont meet or care but because of what i wanted to say
there are different states of consciousness in which we write things and it’s not implied by the length but by the depth
thinking superficially wont get you anyowhere


they dont
apostrophees are gae


fk yey


i had mad respect for him. my whole life
i knew i wasnt like him
we did we know what was righteous from what was wrong


in the new world order theres just room for 


es una cuestion de madurez


there is no good perception without the analytical thinking
the senese by yhemselves donit care at all
finding the right words require mind
    
sometimes things will go perfect
its just a matter of change, opportunity, unconsciousness and luck.  the little spider above my head
now i dont even need to hold the keyboard even because i use a book to sustain my keboard and my phone


sometimes its cold but we stillwant to type. 


touching something you didn’t mean to will scarr you for life


hes just self destructive and i respect him for that


self destruction is not about hating oneself but about not hurting anyone else
we really want to hurt, so the best is that it is us
we want to hurt because theres pain that needs resolution\


understanding things of you is many times not rewarding but painful


why didnt i talk about pain if i felt it like no one
it seemed like a competition to show who was the most hurt by the mere fact of happening to been born in a differnt site


podes atravesar la noche del alma como un ejecutor o un filosofo


what kept me doing things was her


she remained to seem unimpressed by my existence


it is not that what things i say are an exaggeratiion of true things, but that things that i say were real ath the time


if you ungrateful, life gives
until you have enough
but you’ll never have enough


learn things, understanding things, do not avoid no thing at no costs. do not decline your sight
see 
open your fucking mind
see the reality of things
it still hurts like mad
but it doesn’t own you


abdul baha
ottoman sultan


it is enough
the moment you are grateful
not for one thing specifically, but for not needing anything to feel complete
you express in abundance what’s in you
void
but a good one
creative one
natural one
intelligent one


images you dont need but thinking you do
learn how to think and get out of issues if they get out of hand
handle a bit at a time


nos ponia aparatos para corregirnos los dientes


she always fixing us


intertwined conclusions, interscaled
The story in a movie


What are your doing
One day I'll make your head explode
Years later he blown his head of with a gun
Scripting is filled with irony


Irony is in the ways not in what's said


Men for the blood
Women for the heart


Not generalising them because of her


You just have to see things reasonable


Infinite strophes of Nene


We had difficulty showing emotion


She'd get annoyed even before knowing why it was that I was urgently calling her


She'd take care of the sick for the drama of it


"I'm the devil and I come to do the devil's work"
"Out of the abundance of the heart the mind speaks"


"Usa la cabeza querido"


"Que se piensan que soy Rockefeller?"


Cabeza hueca


The most painful part is that the monster claims to love you


I see your fear 


I am not who she said I was


I don't want to not want the cigarette
I want to not have the cigarette


By her telling me what to do and me not listening to her made me do things just for the sake of doing them to annoy or just to be free
She found out that I smoked and disapproved it then I would still smoke but with guilt 
guilt is what comes when you are not allowed to think about something that troubles you or impacts you or includes you


Maybe I could be my own mother


Hopeless is not a bad thing. Not when it's painful to wish


I mean nothing to her.


esta mal tu folosofia no p0rqque se me cante si no porque se contradice


hay cosas que no podes creer si crees otrasthere is no need of gettin violent
there is no need of getting involve
there is no need to desire
no need to be fulfilled
no need at all
there is no need to stay alive
no need 
you CAN LIVE BEYOND YOUR WILL
YOU XCCAN OUTLIVE YOUR WILL TO LIVE
 
i forget there is no need to smoke weed in order to think
there is nothing different in weed
nothing that you are not used to
if you aint high enough to feel discomfort in your body, the alteration is produced on your thoughts
youll notice you are thihking what your conditioned body is telling you
i didnt fear all the time, but i had unresolved fear
i responded to situations in a way that could have been handled better
dont abuse your power just because you can
many people jnowadays believe that there is a synonim between abuse and power


whe  you are focusing on your posture, you are not weriting
when you are focusing where do you put your fingers, you are not writing
writing you are when you are translating whats on your mind
there is noothing else needed
you need nothing else but what is on your mind


lo que haces con el no esta justificado ni esta bien


in the end, they chose to violate jungs privacy for the greater good
it was a decision made not by jung
if he had audiences other thann himself, he wouldn’t have written the same
you can tell yourself anything
good thing is,  he was already dead
ideas take over the world
different ways of typing
different ways of writing


damaged
brains
bodies


who dares to say it was normal?


women
i do like them
but i do dislike them
we arent all the same


always faking beeing okay
i can see through
dont matter how many people you want to cheat


im glad that she stopped
troubled mind


who;s suicidal you cant tell at first sight
people are nervous for a an infinite amount of things


paranoid think to believe that their assumption is right
their conclusion 


abuse can make you less creative


as if she was enjoying that i didnt have the time and place for myself
buttons have some life utility you cant press them forever without breaking the machine
she believes she know how to alter me, but cant manage


then go a take a shit in the middle of food


vulgar display of power


glow or huff


represent your own family in movies
represent your own family in cinema


se levantaba a las 7 de la mañana para ir al sillón
nunca hablaban de ellos cuando no estaban alrededor
ain't that funny


everyone has pearls to share


No groceries
No dishes
No cooking


Spontaneous association


I'm not involved I'm just listening
Not my problem but a problem


Everyone is entitled to their suffering
You don't get to take it away
Their suffering is their destiny


If they agree you changed the memory


Just like pruning
That dialogue is mental higiene


Utility in conversation


People tell their stories


We organise our brains by taking


I have great friends


La magia de decir la verdad sin tapujos


She asked about my fantasies just to judge them afterwards
She made me feel that l was fucking sick


Sex is different with different kinds of woman


I'd let them teach me
And let me teach you
See the first nature to see the last


Nature does not change but determines


I've done no harm


I was so scared but faking it


Fight or flight makes it seem urgent


Power instead of love
They don't learn
The misunderstood victim
The go deeper and deeper into rigidity
Low level of introspective thinking
They don't own their shadow self
They don't want to admit they own humanity
They project image on their superiority or perfection
They like to collect lackeys around them 
Self serving rationalisation


I learned about war treating my mother


Maturity has to happen from the inside out


He's not responsible for your bad life


Early onset dementia


Order is spatial no temporal


My universe is never just one conclusion


entre la verdad y la perversidad


niegan todo lo que pasa cuando se lo contas a terceros


how fucked up are you?
with all that you dare to pretend


i went to tell her and i went away ashamed and sad


your whole life you’ve been subjected to the same personality, with the worsening part that they were our primary source of information


you may think it’s not about you, and it’s about them, but it’s a reaction they have to you
something you portray that they despise


violated


it doesn’t matter what truly happens
it matters what you felt
what you experienced


It's still rock
It's guitar based


We come to this world kicking and screaming
Violent and unstable
It is what we are
We cannot help ourselves


A buen fin no hay mal principio


Nor hateful not twisted 


The subject of evil is what troubles all
One way or another


Of course I'm condemning myself if I only talk badly about myself


The Bible is important because its thousands of years old. Truth was yet in a primitive state


The day god came to earth


Be influential enough to split the earth in two


For the love I feel for Jesus


Jesus Christ is just the tradition


What would make you say that


Kikiki kikiki
Pipipi pipioi


Erratic behaviour, they portray
Wanna change, it seems


Redpilled


Just see if I speak some truth 


Merely intoxicated


He talks about the things that trouble him but only in certain ways that feel pleasure troubling the other


I understand how far it can get
You always try to prevent that


Ella siempre hablando de los parecidos


Escribo en el teléfono porque es lo más rápido


Necesito un teléfono más pequeño, no uno más grande
Podría comprar otro teléfono


Chaotic evil is the worst


They want to know from us the truth
They convince themselves that there's something true about that they experience


Only sporadically


That's the true of human nature
Good and evil
Integrated
Known as possible
In every choice


Narcisists just keep well their secrets
I spent many 


It makes you eat your own words
You don't have it harder than everybody


Nadia es como mamá


If we don't come out we lose our souls


Christians believe all sinners are the same


Se meClan los colores diferentes
Se baja el rojo y sube el verde y amarillo


Las cosas por qué no caerían sobre su propio peso.


We discover things scientifically that we wouldn't otherwise intuitively do.


Maru Shelly


Turning water into wine
Wine is poisonous


It was a way of him putting that
Of the wording


I discovered her by an honest mistake


Entitled to your beliefs


They just want you to do good no matter what


You can't have a norm you have to have the opposites.


It built up


Just believe the archetypal


Winters are times for introspection
Summers are times for extroversion


Repito cosas de otros que no se a que se refieren


Only through her we know evil. Pieta. Pity.


I respect no rituals
Will do when needed


In any minute she's gonna storm in


Scared of everything


He failed to protect her


She has ways to protect herself


A él lo hacían llorar mucho


His father made it all about himself


Green is the one we see the most
But we not need to see everything every time 
That's why the green lantern in entangled


Is there such a case?
Don't you see the pattern?
Don't you see how far they are willing to go?


La luz verde no encandila
La luz verde es naturaleza


Suena Eddie Jefferson del celular. Vocal jazz


She gave us the money but first she made us cry for it


Water and oil


We get sucked in


What stays in the mind


One sentence can't be meant twice.


There can't be underlying physical aggression


Life-threatening quest to take back your mother


We find the most awkward ways to say things


Anubis good fatherly figure


She believes she's more beautiful than Aphrodite


Self love
Beauty
Bringing love into your life


I won't deny my thought of their place to be


Punctual episodes that change you forever 


Significative experiences


Torments are an auditive experience


You don't relate to the world


La hija de la tía veneno


De vuelta al caos donde se generó


You stop to recalibrate


Death makes it all insignificant


Hay cosas que están buenas y cosas que no


I am free and I chose to be healthy minded and intent well


Loving open and fun


No relationship is ever a one way street


It's equally rewarding not doing it than doing it


Working out drunk


We have hair in the highly sensitive areas.


They don't let you treat them with respect


"Mirá"


What I thought was funny wasn't funny.


They think while you talk to them


I saw the way they looked at it and was disgusting.


What do they do while they don't have to pay attention to you


They just want to talk about what they want to talk about
They can see cues in my body


I have goodness in my heart and my body and through my mind.


The closest to the one you hate the most.


JBP made the world back alive


There were things I needed to know


I just didn't want to know things and that caused my neurosis


What are the dangers of believing everything


With the phone in my hands is alright to zoom out
That's why I pick it to silently write


Heartaches weren't fake


They make noise just because
They try to make noise all the time, draw your attention
I didn't realise how intense I was
It wasn't until I saw something I disliked about others that I realised I was doing the same
I talk to much
I just say what I think whenever I think it
This people need to know god
She sees sex as a curse
She corrupted herself
As little time to be as much pleasure
The most pleasure in the least
Some done live like that
It's just random order
Random order is still order
I'm untouched
Anointed. Oils prevent me from touching the water
They described just their psyche onto their papers
It's up to us to decipher what that meant for the mind
Distracted
Always interrupted
Parents caughting your attention
At all times
With no reason
No matter what
She's a disgusting human being 
I'm just a human being
God doesn't seem to be able to produce systems with their own logic working like clockworks
Nothing works as expected. Never. And it's  fine that way
Music without rhythm is nothing
He cocky but should he be
How much arrogance is justified
A las hojas se las lleva el viento
A las drogas se las lleva el viento
Es hora de andar otra vez en bici
LSD para quemar grasas
Catholicism is philosophy of the sinner, that's why piety to the mother, and no more. Just pieta.
Compassion.
Puede estar todo armado
The Truman show is how a schizophrenic would feel
He also has narcissistic traits but never fully became one, just by mirroring one behaved like one
Some people just need some light
"Please don't add up to the confusion, it's just yes or no"
Save the father from the belly of the whale
Pinocchio became a real human
When pinocchio becomes fully human he saves the father
In suffering lies my purpose
They grew up two empty people
Brendan Fraser my childhood hero


Do you owe me for bringing in me in or do I owe you for bringing me in
  

Can these stickers be seen


Add a pic to one sentence.


I guess it depends on how you see life. Do you love life or do you hate it.


I hated god the person, not the one. God the person was the pain of the world reflected upon myself.
Life is suffering because the pain of the world is felt
How can you feel the world if it's just you in there. You know, getting emotional is not the way of handling things 
Nor micro nor micro 
Give yourself plenty of time 
Write sitting down.
Sit down with your chairs met
Hang in there
When I'm too high I only get distractions
Diagnose me
I want to play a game with my psychologist. Diagnose me. Name me. 
I know your kind
He didn't like my humour. I mistook him for a friend
I still know he can get violent sometimes
Having cool temper doesn't mean we are not building.
All that hatred coming back
You not just love life. You decide to.
  



Are this GIFs going to stay there.


One phrase one frame in synch.
You build with pngs, GIFs. Gifs may represent a phrase. They may just have picture (PNG) or 
A whole system. Where do you get the pictures? Scans from the world. Or your ownmade pictures. You could recycle others. By why would you. 
I will set the rules for a system of learning/art making. 
Art is in the best way
Learn in the best way.
Random access order


RAM
  



Haces zoom in y zoom out con random access order
You see how things are built or what things built are inside them
When I try to relax, I tense.
Like don't fall asleep
Not comfortable sitting down
I want to stand up. I'm an overdoer and underachiever. But that get the cycle going.
He a true Christian
When they say Christian they know what we mean
There are true Christians and I can't tell you what they think
It's not ambition but the insatiable crave that sends everything into the void
I don't remember I slept little yesterday and took lsd and weed
I saw it as if it was just weed
Because I didn't use my memory
I used my senses. 
Feeling, perceiving, imagining, anticipating.
"I'll give those ungrateful pricks a piece of my mind" and the rant began.
I should do more body relaxation exercises throughout the day
Yoga
Just finding spots to leave my body to weight
That my childhood was
One of a yogi
You break with reality to drink a mate
Reality is an extension of a core
You are the core, the Christ.
Infinite ramifications
I do not know the extent 
I'm just here on my phone 
All day
Fatting ass
  

You can export them as narrated videos
You can add your own pronunciation to words to read it for you
I write everything down
And I take myself seriously
Maybe at times too much
Because if it was
A la música la compongo yo 
De las piezas
De tu cumpleaños 
Igual puedo estar quieto sin estar rígido
Creo que me estaba haciendo entrenamiento militar
What did happen when she got closer to me
Fucking reality split you apart
She didn't have the courage nor the knowledge not to split
You fight against your dissociation
They wanted to get dissociations out by naming them, getting them out with magic 
Buttons "associate"; "dissociate"
Roots and branches
You plant trees
The tree of Life
The philosopher stone
All can be exported as a 3D graphical sphere of your finest conclusions
I'm like da Vinci designing things for things that I do not know how to make
Imagination matters most
Creation
Through prayer you find yourself
God show yourself to me
And the unconscious speaks back to us
Speaking is done in many different languages
Sometimes I manage to forget I used to smoke and were a smoker two days ago
Sometimes I manage to forget that I want one cigarette
I carry on a little further and the most it seems like an old memory
As if it was part of a past dream that starts to vanish
Just like every dream
He put it in raw terms
Everything open source everything editable from the beginning
I notice too much on how are things like this or that in some states of mind
Who does not have many states of mind is already dead
You put branches and roots to keep expanding that line of thought. You see what comes first. In order of importance. Relevance. The core is the first word (not quite but as close as it can get) the conclusions are the last.
Only the last conclusions against the core
All ordained in a 3d map, can be a way of accessing someone's life and artwork
A rotating world like Google earth hollographic when just the conclusions show and you reach the core every single time. The obra magna. A way of accessing. The new way of book reading, interacting
How much operates within the ram
He's accustomed to violence
It's a book builder.
A tool for editors
They can make the entire order of a book phrase by phrase frame by frame
You are meant to look at them line by line, frame by frame. Like a slideshow. One phrase, one image.
The Colossus
It's fine that life humbles you
You carry the pain of others but also yours
Knowing what you know, try not to be unfair
Weed lasts much longer if I 
It shows only the branches that reach the core 
The slug 
Burp
Slurp
Mean it or it won't matter
I knew how this thing worked before knowing that was impossible for me to do that
You'll pursue the impossible no matter what
He too is trying to earn his mother's love
It does not matter that she's gone, he seeks redemption
And this truly is a story of redemption
I'll give humanity the fucking greatest gift I can give
A way of accessing all knowledge
There is no core
They are all dead branches at some point 
None has the root
Si vienen y la toman acá, es gratis
Si la llevan me pagan
Propinas
This can be my life. My whole life
I never drink cold drink except for beer
Sittings are all on the ground
All bits like this. Half pallets
Following that insatiable need, there's no good and evil
There's a lacking and a sense of void that needs fulfilling
You fill it yourself just by meaning what you do
Sign it and leave it
The first
It's full of wasps this season
I wish for a better newcoming
Of course humanity may disappear within an instant
Leave nature be
Don't interact with it
Kill with respect or not kill
You have to wash away your memories
Honour your killings.
Let them go
The fallen halconzucho
I learnt from birds
Pájaros
Halcones 
Depredadores
Carroñeros
  

You do bird watching because you learn
You hate hunting because you hurt nature so much you thought you couldn't make amends
People get righteous, at least branches die closer to the center
Truth is the only that is reached through the conclusion in. Not through the induction out
You need basis
Basis is the pattern
Basis is reason
Give plenty of time to yourself
Enjoy every sip of this morning beer
Drink with no regret
If so you will
This is what life comes don't to
Willing better to go better whatever we want to
His experiences will be traumatizing because of it
How do parents deal with such behaviour
Depends on how much reason they hold within
Reason is just a pattern within content
No matter what the content is, should be enough for you to believe what you believe
A small place for me to make business
The docks are mine
The bar will be there
Surrounding with excess and remaining in full control, respecting yourself and others, and that involves any substance apart from an activity
They try preventing me from something
Collect your dead bodies
Reality won't define you
Relationships don't define you
Becoming one of my own
Some of us are better alone
You have freedom with a condition
They left it perfectly clear
One day one paragraph
Paragraphs interrupted by sleep
No format
Beer gets Stephen king going
It was February, it was cold and I was high
I can see my spinal cord rip hard
I leave no space for abuse, but that sometimes makes me emotionally unavailable
Leave place for vulnerability with those you trust
They would even do it for no reason
Working out drunk
Ask Google
I was on my knees for days
Every culture discovered alcohol
The danger of it is making it responsibility free
Don't hide what there's in drinking
Slowing things up
Celebrate
Cheers
Salud
Friendship clinging, deals closing
Deals within house
Dealers come in, I don't go out
Want an army? Build a castle
What you already know. How much it says
I don't care
I forgive her
Only shoot to kill then meditate, medicate, meditate 
I have doubts of who I am
I know what they'd value in my music of I every get it out there for them to hear
So many of my influenced could get influenced back
We are just very different kind of drunk
You export one slideshow
One 1x1 cover
Or 16/9
Yo quiero la responsabilidad


Be born to be the voice of reason
They did shit for no reason and that was the stupidest and most unfair thing
Don't blame me for those things
Why can't you handle a cry?
I need to change the ambience between us
Only emotional support
You scared of what she's going to tell you
Fixation Is what you have when you pin down a thought whether because you conclude that is the last most complete answer you have or because it trembles your whole world.
Rumination starts right after 
You fix a thought in place (space and time)
He only speaks his mind.
He finds reason to say the things he say
He doesn't hide his darkness
Me di cuenta de que no soy ningún inútil, o si lo era, solo lo era porque lo creía, y solo lo creía porque no me había probado a mí mismo.
I get to choose.
Fascinating thought experience
I'm allowed to talk about feelings
What are universal emotions
How can you say a person is not capable of empathy or love
It's not biological, or if it is, it became biological after being first psychological
When the logic is wrong, feelings are wrong
When perception is wrong, your logic becomes wrong
"Las cosas no se tocan"
Those who want to break people, weren't allowed to break things
Things deserve no respect
Own property so you can destroy it
No se pide permiso para cambiar la historia


If you want war you you'll get war
I won't let it escalate
Because of the way I'll manage it
We communicate with the plants through breath
I like people who speak their mind
I dislike people who don't speak their mind
I am one or I am both
Influencing the most in the least amount of time
Influence is just an etiquette
The words I speak on a regular basis are my testament
The teaching is "just sit down"
I don't know if I can defeat them until I actually fight
The reality often does not go according to theory
Thanks for showing us your kata
Don't let your relationships dictate your mood
As a child the only thing I was looking for was consistency
Don't hate the player, hate the game
A favor will quickly become obligations and it will go unappreciated


To have an effect on character development or behaviour of someone
Influence
We gained the ability to not react to our own perception. Our own mind
The Greek and the Roman and the idealisation of men
Being the enabler is a matter of dynamic
It's not a static state
Está tan acostumbrada a mentir que miente hasta en lo innecesario
The underlining possibility of violence is much less in women, much more now in their pursuit to be equal to men in all aspects, physically included
Bone structure is the basis in which muscle is built
What gives me authority if not to just keep writing
I don't treat her from resentment. I don't kick her when she's down. Every painful memory. Every claim. It's like it vanishes when I talk to her. My reactions are to her actions, not to her repetition of a pattern. That's why is so easy to fall for her mood swings and cycles. You learn to love her, then she hates you for it.
When I'm not high, I cannot do it
I have much more memory
What happened to that kid with values
Values remain the same but body feelings fill them with doubt
You know right from wrong and it's instinctive
She was confused
As you were
As I was
She redeems through me, I redeem through her
Curses aren't to be taken lightly
Distrust breeds control


To love her as if she was my mother
I don't claim words to be mine; I claim words were written and meant by me
Alconzuelo
Making fun of the little ones because they can't defend themselves
Burlesque
Attitudes there are infinite to the same actions
Everyone reacts differently to the same things they themselves do
I'll let it speak through me
I see shapes and colours
I don't have to define anything
Not a definitor but a writer
It's a sad life of those who didn't know how to better manage their lives
The ones that didn't have what they dreamt
Tu vida entera contenida en el momento presente
Personas que viven en un completo estancamiento
I dream to keep understanding
Tu sombra es lo que hace exactamente lo que vos no hiciste
Lo que en vez de una cosa hubiera hecho otra, pero no lo sabías
Es lo que está detrás de todo lo que proyecta luz
Choose when your life will be contained in a single moment
No hay un instante en que no haya sentido la tinnitus
Es obvio que el sonido que llega a mi oído izquierdo tiene que ser más fuerte que el pitido que escucho
He didn't realise she's not scary after he grew up


Podes desligar la teoría de la práctica pero no la práctica de la teoría.
Me pele en luna llena sin saberlo
Toque en 1+ el día que mamá me regaló una remera y cuatrocientos dólares por ninguna razón
Después de haber tenido esa mañana una charla sobre las cosas que quedan feas del rancho 
Le dije que quería acomodarlo yo como si fuera mío, si me dejaban
They owe me a place to be me
Me pele el mismo día que hubo luna llena sin saberlo 
Dressed liked my mother and smelling like my father
Todos tocamos (con) los palos
A la fecha la organizo Guido
la última cena de Judas y jesús en segundo lugar lo mira con amor
I see goodness in him too
I know I'm good because I speak to the best of them, when I can see it
I have many houses 
And they are all at full moon
It's the shame on me coming out through art
222
Shame on me
No es luna
Es Ana
I have her brother's blessing.
Alguien que me ponga los puntos 
Dominatrix
La persona más disciplinada.
Pero con todo es así.
Everything I do I do with passion
Brightness 33 por ciento
I was always a weird friend, but I always had a lot of friends
Los palillos esta noche son míos
Cryptic what the fycktic
There's always a mistake done along the way
It remains fixed no matter what you do
The first applause was mine


It's full moon and I want the flower
Recognition and validation
Product
Prefer the stranger to look at none
I have no self interest
The moon was full moon and I wanted the flower
Today I woke up with an eye clogged with tears
Clarifying one sentence at a time
People don't exactly know what nothing means
You go a long way
Fast
No virtue in suspecting damage and doing it regardless
It's logical when the moral compass is clinging 
If you distrust your feelings
I was dressed as my sister as well
Nothing of my grandfather
Yesterday I became my own
Individuation
How much can virtuality be separated
Cigarettes add blood pressure
The Nike buzo
"I don't deserve this"
"I never knew who I was"
La casa estaba llena de lunas
Use la remera nueva en la pseudo presentación de acarya
Nothing is bound even there's me in between
You can't dismiss something just because you don't believe in it
Everything is real
All gods matter
Art is in the way
You can be an artist and a piece of shit
In fact that's often the case
Jupiter next to the moon
The queen in her castle
She's alone
Always alone in the good and the bad
Marlboro is spicy
Puedo decir las cosas que pasaron una vez y las cosas que no pasaban nunca
No puedo decir todas veces que unas mismas cosas pasaron.
The stardust
Like me no other
That i know of 
My business
What's my business and what's not
What will you do and what will you nor.
The perpetual need of making things good
She's the judge
Brujería
I don't pay attention to them
There are others
It's not worh it.
Estaba el diablo mal parado en la esquina de mí barrio
My friends are the most important because the friends know my essence
Enrollo los pies mucho
Puedo dejar de hacer cosas de las que me hago consciente
My friendships improve
You can be predatory for good use
Yes
Can I type with my left hand? 
I can
Like this
There are certain functions you are not allowed to commit for an improved user experience
There's an improved user experience
It's not worth it
He could resent me for it
How much does a song change when the instruments are changed
Say the obvious


Be honest about the things that you fear
El viaje del héroe es el camino del despertar espiritual
why is it titilating
invent your own words to express yourself better if necessary or urgent
words won’t just come out because you want to write
you do not write thinking of writing
you write thinking of everything else
you write
things that we fear
social reclusion
being casted a pariah
shame
humiliation
i dont just feel guilt
it’s like i as well punish my body
i don’t want to lose hearing
regardless i play live music and get my right ear all swollen
something mustn’t be right
how is it that you can have such high morals and not realise the spectrum of projection
i don’t know their business, why would i interfere
the greatest slug is existence itself
hating oneself for being alive
agua no tiene fin
ella es pura tierra
todos pura tierra
a ver quien mejor dice como las cosas son
no importa lo que pensamos sino lo que decimos, no importa lo que decimos si no lo que hacemos
pensar, decir y hacer en unidad
unir proposito y accion
what are the dangers of substanec abuse
how much substance is abusive for your body
imperialismo goes no further
war has no place to be
we are living the unmasking of the ones who resisted the system back then
people only strengthen their beliefs, and it’s fine that that is the case
we are beings in constant evolution, we are beings of change
Uses abuses and discards
Eat shit


They try to appropriate the world in the way that they can
They can't do it with social skills
If you do this to me, in gonna torture you
I've seen what they've done to him, it is not good, it was not right, you are to blame


El león cree que todos son de su condición


Your body is absorbed inside your rigid self


In love with lovely people.


Sacrifices get you things


Me cuesta ceder el control


The need to solve the problem of others


Poniendo onda hasta estando depresivo
Strength
We all have it
Relativo vivo
Cada cual en su mundo
Y entonces cual es conexión
Sin inhibiciones
Un beat 
Destiempo relativo
Sin razón
A la vez ese ser piensa
Me descuido a mí mismo
Not always I love myself
Loving myself is loving the hate in me 
How far it took me 
Entre rimas que cosecho
Y otras veces la miro
Digo provecho 
Writing gives me the adrenaline that i need.
Fumando en 
I wanted to learn and on the streets I learned
I'm unveiling a horror story
Está todo bien o está todo mal?
"Y por supuesto se hizo el vivo"
There are turbulences
The strength not to hate
Le faltan bichos a esta casa
No sé mueve ni una mosca
Fuega al solitario
You never knew if she was crying
You heard her talk about you
You saw him remain silent


Self serving bullies
Bullies do not make good teachers
Jealousy is blind
In the dark the moon
This twilight
You left me in the dark
I am
The devouring mother
The red planet meets the moon
Love the hate
Seven devils in my heart


Force feeding is abuse
They just announce things
The sad part of going all in is that it ends up affecting you
Is that it's never enough
A laugh every time they saw me mad
Laughing every time I was sad
It was not the drugs it was the mother that devoured his soul
there is a point at which imperfect becomes destructive
toxic parent has a long list of weapons, but all come under the banner of neglect or emotional, verbal or physical abuse.
Toxic parents lie, manipulate, ignore, judge, abuse, shame, humiliate and criticise.
Any negative behaviour that causes emotional damage or contaminates the way a person sees himself or herself, is toxic
A toxic parent treat his or her children in such a way as to make those children doubt their importance, their worth, and that they are deserving of love, approval and validation
you’ve bought in to the messages that were delivered by a parent too broken to realise what they were doing.
It is fine to put them to test
Filter language in pursuit of truth
It's psychology according to astronomy and not astronomy according to psychology
Mars around the moon. War surrounding emotions. Conflicts of interest.
conflicts only come when not knowing what to do
getting to point zero, back to nature. the bpresent moment reset. understandment of your own nature lets you die and rebirth
life is just cycles of birth and rebirth
i can’t know each and everyone’s story
weed relax my body enough to enjoy being still and relax
i don’t fear the bad trips no more. 
i know their nature and i know mine
sitting down, beat the legs
standing up i beat my chest
tiro esa porque no se animaba
me parecio gracioso nomas
el caba cuenta las cosas de una forma graciosa
let dreams guide your writing
in writing, point zero is looking back to the word you are trying the last words creates an entry point for the next beginning
the beginning of the universe, first frame. what’s the last frame of the last movie? 
it’s a mistake not to live a life of study
who knows better about the subject than directors. 
i do documentaries
we act on shrooms
it’s okay long as the people you surround yourslf with is okay
o.k.
la hacemos corta
todo el mundo tiene formas diferentes de expresar su enojo
menem dreamt ig
space ddissey wasn’t true
i am the brother of an older sister that has always been there for me
you shrink time before you expand it
would things start spinnign the other way around if time shrinked
you soy mi abuela moma
the danger sof not wanting to reflect in the other
como habla de un yo y de un otro
a que nivel queres dar la batalla
community manager de todas mis cuentas
borron y cuenta nueva. borrar y volver a empezar
you hear and see ghosts in you head that show you/tell you about what in reality is happening
expand your consciousness, become an intelectual
philosophy is a practice
with so much smoke i’m afraid building muscle will make it explode 
we use fear as a way to communicate even when we don’t exactly mean that
fear is fine so you’d be careful
one good thought. one good word. one good work
work
before it was something, it was something else
causes and consequences are interchangeable
we come from plants
my whole waiting me to cry to only comfort me when they upset me
purposely upset me, manipulate and deceive me
change is temporary but there’s no going back
go back to words
stoics do not pursue their own personal pleasure before everything else
there’s pleasure. sensual pleasure (sight eyes, tact, smell)
unlock portions of the universe with your mind
sheep blindly obey
let go
more thoughts will come
aren’t we all the coolest people?
how hard that there are times when you write this and times when you’d like things to come to an end
what did marika hackman do when they first praised her
it’s a game of not falling for ego
he’s choosing with his ego. hollywood film industry corrupts you
industries you want to be a part of
i think i’m gonna stay till the nearer future
they woke us up from alienation
i hate that songs in my memoty steal space for fresh impression. my fault, not music’
i learn to die and born again
el profesor debe ponerse en lugar de quien cuestiona
i passed school without learning a single subject 
i was angry at what they were chosing to become
guys are mean to those who only obey. who are on the sides of those who are on the wrong
cowards don’t discern right from wrong
pathetic. i know when i see
if all subjects are interchangeable, remove all
you can’t get thgrough the day with no music
why make things boring when they are not
un video no acompaña a una cancion. es una piaza en si misma
i have to forget all moments
por lo unico que estan juntos es por el boludeo
b siempre acostado
b siempre siempre serio
c siempre boludeando
g siempre en la suya
todos son medios mayasos, no creo que tengan problema
key words come up by chance 
vi que era la enfermera en cuya casa me habian cuidado desde la juventud: la filosofia
los sabios se dan forma a si mismos
aunque sus identidades sean ficticias, el provecho filosofico es real
hallar nuevas ideas fundamentadas en las grandes tradiciones del pensamiento humano
evitar que la racionalizacion prevalezca sobre la racionalidad
todo cuanto precisa es una mentalidad filosofica
modelar un punto de vista que funcione en favor nuestro, no en contra
ella dice que no dijo nada “tenes que comer algo mas sustancioso”
seguir el camino del exito evitando todo perjuicio
im gonna stay true to myself and my philosophy
el objetivo comun de todos los filosofos, un examen de la vida
examen, examinacion
conflictos entre la razon y la emocion
what are the chances of things being as they are? one. zero being potentiality and totality
you own the whole with the noth(ingness)
first a phoilosopher, then a businessman
i knew this day would come
being sat in front of the juries and explain
find music in what’s boken
you don’t imitate, you destroy. then you know
they won’t allow the true expression of self
bairoletto. bandidos rurales
lamanera de que no duela tanto
sensibles: impresiones mas fuertes
pudo parar con su propia locura. favale
18+18=36
la idea es que mi personaje y mi persona sean uno
lucidez: seeing (?) reality for what it is
sensis reality for what it is
el problema es dejar de comer
food addicts
she doesn’t have a way of doing anything
she has a shopping addiction
es lo mas sentarme a lamesa y no comer
el mejor analissis familiar se hace a la hora de comer
tanta hipocresia 
tanta injusticia
un psicoanalista llega a la casa de la familia a la hora de comer. guion
acting is like playing an instrument
acting is the raziest shit. incarnating (embodying) your own dreams, at the instant you intent it
a loud noise and a glass of whine
how conscious is his alcoholism
glasses of whining
i live apart from the matrix
freely and constantly moving at simultaneous frames per second
you have as many friends as you are conscious about
deja de servir
que hace
this is a conversation within my consciousness and wht’s for me unconscious
anger issues not recognized
i believed anger was good
anger is good
love the hate for what it is, an impulse for something greater
the need to destroy the old and embrace the new
you are blind while you do it
veo otra linea del tiempo en la que todo es diferente
from my own impulses good things can come out
estas estrenando tu cuaderno
anger is the last step
is there ever a last step
she wants me to stop (doing what i’m doing=writing)
she grabbed the the book and took a good look at it. “muy lindo”. i wonder what she was thinking
i write everything i see and fuck her too
when i’m god everyone dies
a mi no me da la espalda
a mi solo me da la espalda
anger issues are anger issues
dueños del oficio de alguien mas
all counter points are coming up all at once
tennis balls
el destierro
el arte de conversar
330gb
el ssd exerno will add up speed to your edits. to export, go somewhere else
i stopped everything(/editing) for a few years 
el es quien no quiere que me vaya
esta es la birome que yo traje
who’s old lady. why are you averse to it
what does my unconscious mean
not everything in you happens to you nor is it about you
expecting them to keep adressing the subject so i can get out more. what would that need be. what would that do in my benefit. what’s of good interest
la noche mas larga
dedicacion es hace rlo que hariamos de no ser por otros
las personas representan pensamientos
julietita
hacer un buen risotto
paladares exquisitos
muy fuertes con las devoluciones
decir lo mismo con amorosidad
no hay politicas de estado
dar el ejemplo
pancitas llenas
como ha cambiado julietita
unconventional song structure
how can you not get lost on your own mind
i’m very gentle with my thoughts as well
nice to see acuarelas
suicidal compulsion
if we are strong enough to break someone’s neck, we are strong enough to break our own.
i dont believe its possible
what stops us from doing it
why cant you hold breath till dead by will alone
life owns you
you dont own it
por que tan enojado
terminas diciendo que la tratas mal porque tuviste un mal dia cuando en realidad ya no le tenes paciencia y ella no pareciera querer cambiar sus actos ni reconocer en ellos nada malo o irritante
i’ll never go to the gym
hell of a statement
burn out gentle, like a candle
“i culd outperform them in a room”
dont get cocky
es mas importante lavar la ropa que dormir
todo argumento tiene su contraargumento
just jamming
not all musicians know what they are doing
el aparato ya viene ecualizado
all the feelings stop
You need one person to be dominant, but you don't know if it's you
Show yourself
Show yourself
Love of destruction
The love if things getting destroyed
God just can't stop thinking
You can't achieve what you want the most.
I didn't know if I was right about how I felt
They expose them$elves on the market
$elf
$
Getting excited by the little this 
you deserve whatever you claim to deserve
i don’t have to do this
i dont have to endure this
last night was no resolution but an act of war
silent war
what you want the most is not that but this
eyes and mushrooms and boats and the moon and the sea
why delete what’s already been written