Dealigned third eye chakra (i had this thought a few minutes ago)
I dont give myself enough rest
keyboard is one thing, pc is another thing, mostly mouse
creative people use weed, not the other way around. weed dont consume creatives.
weed potentiates
weed what does it do
why do i need it
why do i think ill come up with better ideas
give the devil its due
What you need to exactly do is obtain the path of the downloads folder, then extract the file type from the file name.
create an empty list for storing the file type
The comfort of my home.
My mind is too high
I hear my tinnitus.
I hear the fingers tapping on the screen.
I hear the motorcycles on afar
Why can't you recognise it all at once?
Horror images and your nose breathing don't correspond. Getting out of your mind is an option. Your intuition is prior. I see how they see me then I react.
My intuition turned off.
Indica is for intuition and sativa is for mind
Intuition is the mind of the heart.
The will of God is you with no thought.
They make us pay emotionally.
Todo lo que me digan va a hacerme reconocer 
She didn't like it when I thought.
Me reconozco en todo lo que me cuentan
Separar el trigo se la paja
T:tttttttttt
Did I mean to? 
No. Then stop toeturtinf yourself
Motorcycles outside
What if they come
What is that sound
Ghosts
What are those 
High and low 
tension 
make the power up and down
That's how you move so regulate yourself.
Focus on a single point
Computing
The new word for magic
Subtle energy changing
I'm insensitive to that sometimes
My intuition goes off
It was a small thing that changed everything
Her attitude towards me tried to remain the same, but I knew she was angry
Bothered
She wanted to say things to me
Things she wasn't saying
I wasn't thinking straight
What can occur on the way back from grabbing a fork
Toy story when I was a toy


Por sus frutos lo conoceréis.
Mente espiritual no contraría al intelecto. Lo trasciende.
I didn't doubt my capacities
One layer beyond in space not in time.
.
ahuya a la luna el lobo incomprendido
create(.txt) function
Look at where you put the break
highly neurotic
I see how others read me
no one can hide anything, says he
my thoughts are all grounded, just projected
i know i want to build my future
no second guessing
memory will bring you back


I wish you all the courage you need to overcome the horror of the world Daria <3 
You a fucking genius in music btw, don't give up, take the time you need, but please keep your dreams
173
there will always be those doubting.
meditative writing 
try not to think in anything else
use silence as your rule
dont move too much with your sensing
it is not trustworthy
you tell me to do something
i tell you to do something
you tell me youll see later
do i have to be aware of that
how many things do you want me to be aware of?
meditative coding
meditative is the act itself of doing without thinking
thinking is not only done with the mind
if you stop your mind, you still would be thinking
is when your attention is drifting that you think you are not reading reality right
i wouldnt say things when im mad
images also say things
i dont paint but i should
why the shyness on writing
why not the confidence you once have
not so long ago
confianza y amor
perdi el amor pero no la confianza
vacio
how much can you resize this thing. you know how word works. you know the page will move with every sentence
why the fuck should i care if they think im crazy
i know im not because i make sense with other people
i am in accordance
when i say something of my own invention
tell me to talk and i wont stop until i you say its enough
do i have the right to answer
do i have one responsibility to answer?
they attack by their own logics
war is done in the internet
war is done verbally
war is done linguistically
war is discussed
war is discussed
what i have is an attentional deficit
i dont know
sensory hallucinations
write everything as if it was true
because then it will come out in the software
every line that is different and posseses that word
multiple programs running for different parts of your writings
one module for organizing the lines
one module for shuffling
one module for scrolling and editing
how much you can handle is up to you
each module does something different to the lines in your texts
one returns one random paragraph and lets you edit it, duplicate and edit it or delete. 
deleted lines to a new .txt. The Void. things you deleted but want back but you dont know where you get them back from
egocentrico
all those things they thought they wasnt
the pleasure comes from discovering it, not from writing it
or even saying it
or even thinking it
realising it is enough
realising it is the dopamine release
realesing
scientists they reference everything
no outerspace
we part of space
the things you avoid thinking about present to you
the things you avoid doing others see in you
the way of mirrors is the way of reality
theres no absolute reality psychologically 
“you dont have to know right now”
i try not to be fair
not try
your existence is more than your mind
because i close my legs
theres feminine energy invovled in eros
thinking shouldnt be emotional distress
some take more time to come out
suffle between groups
im really good at divergent thinking
ill just enjoy forever build up momentum
why cut off the energy
but why enjoy it beforehand
why dont let things unvolve
they are making us have their dreams
and we make them have ours
dialectic
attach one image for every line
or for every block
you can see the entirety of things
you can present yourself one line
and then the paragraph will be read one line at a time
you scroll down
line by line
you dont see more than one line at a time
Too much effort to be likeable
entro por un pensamiento
ive got it now figured out
about what to study
because now 
i know the purpose
always using in silence
you dont know when its you or when its the computer
the software returns what line at a time
NLP
Natural language processing
Attempt from every step
use ai 
and nlp 
to live more 
in touch with reality 
nor less
not metaverse
reflections of ourselves
one universe 
just for oneself
Capturing the human input 
which ranges from either text input or voice input
shes overwhelmed
its ego when you are not universes
when you are thinking about yourself
your identity
what below you
you can deliver true facts in a funny way 
her attitude is not what you wanted
you dont get nothing out of it
dia 5 NNN. me escribe una
its not a spectrum
its not indivisible
flesh is not a spectrum
flesh has a limit and that limit are your senses
your corporeous matter
im selling the software
for free
sell it before its important
las buenas
hes the ignorer but hes the balancing weight
he cant tollerate conflict
se he wont operate on those levels
its all a thing of he said she said
intuition does not play a role in learning others language
you dont need to be so rigid
what prevents me from stretching my spine
what distracts me
whatever it is, i can still do it with my spine straight
the superego has an effect on the ego
dont sell cheap
.
make dont = don’t
write the variables right here.
the lists right here. 
you can search for stuff in a text. one
. 
website download here or accept from only people whom you trust
ive found my solution in the form of a software
it is just configurations of formatting
 
storing the new folder names being created.
create an empty list for storing the file type, while an empty dictionary for storing the new folder names being created.
for file in files:
Extract the file type from the file name
electronics maximum grade of philosophy new age
theres no way i be anchored here. not knowing programming. it is my way out and im taking it. 
incoherences will be fixed
splitting the file name by dot and obtaining the part after the dot.
Check if the file type exists in the list
maybe at times you smoke a little bit too much weed
always looking for the next flower
dont be sad that is over be happy that it happened at all
sigma. black hole. so internalize that they drive the world to them
sigma male isnt even trying
women fall all over him
fun sponges and energy vampire
the fun police
sigma not center of attention of birthdays. not an extrovert.
contribute valuably to interaction
perfect blend of chill, fun and insightfulness. balanced yet intriguing mix.
man on a mission. busy guy with lots of minds in a fire. 
I enjoy not being distracted while sober
positive and negative being of those different nature
different in nature
an insticnct wake up in us.
i can fix variables with other variables
you edit to be a better filmmaker
the software is also a reminder
you dont need to keep your eyes fixed in order to think or respond
worrying is where it starts
not seeing the other that signifies the infinite possibilities that arent that one
you cant predict instinct. you cant predict thought. you cant predict. 
similar view. different conclusions. 
he was smart to say that there was some lacking in editing. 
with weed id get excited to do a million different things. i cant do them all the time, before its down
the dopamine release its all about the experience and not the other way around. 
dopamine is release when anticipation is welcomed. fear is released when anticipation is rejected. 
some thoughts you reject rejecting them.
Leaving was no solution. 
you middleclick the keyword and circular options appear. a menu. i think i cannot move. do ayuno.
rejecting in anticipation
rejecting anticipating to what was going to happen
you can filter your entire memories with only one lens. keyword. disgust. pleasure. idea. consciousness. see how many times a word is mentioned. 
i forget what i learned. they think its not important. 
i can withdraw certainly from talking about the thinks that i learn.
every idea just comes up, but in the exact context. 
you can push out your ideas
forgiveness is the ultimate solution. 
why do i rant like a mother
calling you little girl they kill your inner woman’s development.
many things will be said
theres a reign of becoming for masculine energy and a reign of becoming for a feminine energy. 
trigger post traumatic stress disorder. 
im too arrogant
laws apply to me too
you need to write things down before 
it is the weed that makes you more neurotic
more attention to detail
if you believe you see something, you are going to see it
it is the adcoming of the summer. and nothing happens all over again. the cycle of life and death. when things die life grew other
it is written by meditating monks
the bible
a cockroach flew through me. went to the center of the screen and then into the computer, right when i went to take it out. it went in the pc. at least under it
its a small bug
too proud to ask for help
it all mixes up in the brain
we dont store time. we lose it producing it
i always think before i talk
but i tried otherwise
and as well went well
greater neural link more bl
i treat them with certain distance, as if both couldnt be my friends.
become better filmmaker. become better psychoanalyst. 
where is the rhythm
the rhytm is in the clips and as well in the timepacing doing something
do not trust your senses
the bug has no little 
the cockroach has no bad intentions
why did disgust want to make them suffer
stand tall
reach highness with your crown
raise up
you have the energy to remain straight
at least that
you are full of food and good rested
you dont need that much sleep as much as you need quality rest
learn to play around with raw material
to work at multiple books at a time
he lights up the mood in every room
you dont need the girlfriend to be the alpha
sig mama
wealth, health, power and resources
it is as well an advantage
you could have your own memories insult you
they hately develop
“people always make room for the ones that know where they are headed and why”
they should all be sigmas
all characters. all going for their own purposes.
the goal is to not care much about formatting while writting
make plans only if you can show up sober. at least 4 hours last puff
.
one way to right yourself is to pay for it
one way to right yourself is to pay for it
one way to right yourself is to pay for it
one way to right yourself is to pay for it
one way to right yourself is to pay for it
one way to right yourself is to pay for it
one way to right yourself is to pay for it
one way to right yourself is to pay for it
one way to right yourself is to pay for ir
what about now?
what about no?
what about the electrical storm
what about mistakes
what about typos
how about we stop kidding ourselves
how about the idea exciting
i lost time fixing mistakes
im not about to sleep
i dont need much to move my hands while typing
what about now
what do you mean? cant i speak fast?
cant i type fast?
how can you see the blocks
wasnt i too intense with my questioning?
I could cope with it
i understood what was happening to her
anto, i bored her
i interrogated her psychiatrist friend
i was trying to be outgoing
forcing myself
to be outside, with people, being social
what about bringing the attention from your value alone
whats the point in selling oneself
I was not at all the one i remembered
and im not now at all the one i remembered
ive come a long way, and the destiny is greater
we belong to god
sons belong to the father, daughters to the mother
we were born in hard times
if i leave my thumbs exactly where they are, ill be able to type every words without ever having to open my eyes. knowing im doing no mistake
making no mistake
thumbs on
i need to pay jotix a visit
a need to pay marunho a talk
parecias un esqueleto armado
“se te veian los pectorales marcados”
we cant be doing this no more
you seek help on your own
i seek the help that i need on my own
the seek that all need is a software
that im making
this whole journey is just a selling publicity for the software
text editor
it could serve the purpose for creating text within your own terms
you change the terms
the terms evolve
over time
you change how you call your reserved words
you ever change them. You name them. 
is AI demonic
this world that we are living in
stoic in my pursuits
dont disconnect your eyes. focus.
why is it that you cant be with your eyes open
keep writing until something comes out
her eyes were injected with blood
she looked at me and said “your candle’s off”.
be the gazer. look straight at your thoughts. dont close your eyes to see further. open them and integrate them into reality. see their nature. and see the nature of whats going on right now. the only real thing. the only thing that exists. focus on the sound. how is it a continuum. the universe is a song that hasnt stop since it started
what is it that is so difficult to understand
we all share the same underlying meaning
the thing is it doesnt matter exactly 
if there is a title that matches a keyword, that keyboard will be sugested to send the new paragraph that contains that keyword, to that chapter that shares that keyword as a title.
even if songs are interrupted. even if sounds are interrupted. cats are screaming outside. intermittent
it is hard to hear
it is outside. should i let them in?
what is it that im too comfortable with? why do people think im comfortable? i truly seem like it.
the fun doesnt come from having thoughts
it comes from having experience
it comes from achievements. having your expectations realised. gratitude for what has already come in your way
the purpose of writing is not coming out with new ideas or things, it is remembered your soul. who is it that wrote every other line that is contained in here and what does it mean that i have written that much. my entire process of transformation, unordered, will once be ordered.
i used my lfie as examples many times
i dont realise what im saying may be read as insensitive
you arent going to sleep. avoid the uncomfortable. stay awake. center your sight
write
you smoke just recently
write
write
write
write
write
write
it doesnt matter how many times one line is written. 
to duplicates, put one next to the other
or maybe not
you can custome your software
ill make software for writers and video editors and audio editors
dont get sad or empty just because you lost or ended the idea
it doesnt matter
any writing matter
doesnt matter
why do you need to close your eyes to think
maybe she saw a pattern
maybe she got to know me better
i got to know her better
she sang us a song
about her grandfather
a song she made when she was little
it was a beautiful song
madre from the heart
i love text
ill work with text only
programming and writing 
assign to each word a note or a sound
you type the numbers of each hit between the bars.
.
im the son of some
the father of some
the mother of some
what is it about the idea of oneself
we all have ideas about our 
my idea was from the ass up
i was a loner before
i tried to think before
its really uncomfortable to have something touching the upper part of your head. im all about ideas. when im with others, im drained.
i detect energy, im just too stoned to answer. i should stop smoking weed with friends, and dedicating them more energy. More lucidity. and do not mix
this is a new strategy.
im in my place i can say no.
the properties extensions of my body
horas hablandome quemandome la oreja con tal de no ir 
me dedicaba poca energia, y la peor
nio una sonrisa
estoy haciendo lo mismo yo con ellos
deberia no fumar estando con ellos. me echa demasiado. recibo reacciones de la gente que parecieran desprecio, pero porque solo reacciono. en el medio estoy interrumpido. i cannot concentrate. because im thinking something else. i do can when i want, but not when im high
weed is an inner drug, not an outer drug. i dont need that high. i dont need that type of joy. i would keep things quiet. its me who wants things quiet.
cars are extensions of other people’s properties.
i know i know nothing. i can do whatever im doing with my spine higher.
theres a time and a place to be all excited and cathartic, that place is stage. it is not life. i do not fuel that high. i want things quiet, slow, and deep.
quiet, slow and deep.
they arent speaking from ego but from their condition of god
everyone has deep view about reality, but they just dont make sense of them
it pushes you down, the hoodie
i do not like the image that presents.
what about the image it presents
i want to converge everything in just one point.
ya se esta quedando viejo
queremos un camino que abra infinitas posibilidades
this is why you channel
it is filth, its smells
all the smells you smell in the 
im not feel better for it, im just too bored of doing the same stuff
me pesa la cabeza
ranch [read, meditate, hang out with friends, program, video editing, writing]. its just journalying
you think its over but now you started over again
it is an addiction? is it? or is it that you give yourself too many permitidos? i only smoked twice a day, until the weekend comes and the friends come and make noise and guitars and all that. 
i upload the software, after a while the software and the sourcecode. first get it known. then get others make their own. but they may deserve to know whats in there. other coders. 
it is a pingpong, mirroring, mirroring, comes and goes or goes beyond expectation
like i need the head in the center of my head all the time, my head falls and 
writing is quiet enough to start meditating
delete the ones that dont do it for you
its meditation, it is not real life. 
i want to follow the middle ground.
im a prophet, i have a message, and that message is a software
my hands on the keys while meditating. when im not in rest.
i went and yelled a few things toa few people
and came back, then i whispered things i believed were true to one friend.
to write, give the your back to the door. see how now all is a mystery.
that neurosis she has is contagious.
vivid active imagination. he uses it to think. 
enough with the quotes, this is journalying
i didnt have the good female archetype i just had the wicked. now a lot of feminine energy is within me. difference between alphas and sigmas is in female energy. one is only masculine, the other one is both masculine and feminine in qualities and atributes. energies. 
i laugh at what im saying then im saying anything. then its just about the cigarettes.
meditate with them recordings.
for me weed aint for doing
it is for meditating
more than for doing
in responsible meditation you can do everything if its still. you can edit, write, code
why dont i leave to do everything i have to do for later? Because then i dont do it
but what is more important than meditate?
everyone forges their own story
i dont know what story this one is, old ones are just references. plenty can go plenty wrong but plenty can go plenty right
if the day comes, ill have that liberty.
jjjjjjjthe hacia doler con ironia
she bought us clothes.
all you can eat sunday, monday ayuno
.
Vibe over content. 
tomorrow
i get still
i dont move
im absiorting just one part of himself.
my right hand hurts, i have been working out.
using active imagination in what others tell you.
it is about how much you feed with prana your thoughts.
how much praan do you inject into your experience. of what nature. 
over what i see i represent what i do not know
just saying no thank you will do.
jusat say nno thank you
add the thank you
just a child scared of bugs
what do they do for them to be  scared of them>?
me dio la mano al despedirse. dije que tenia olor a chivo
i smoked to write and im again about to sleep again. the mind is an opioid. you smoke the weed and freeze the brain. 
have you ever had those dreams?
you want to go into that thought and then you fall asleep
i killed a cricked in my room and now a loud one is cricketing outside.
is this the right strategy? Ask yourself.
this time, it is. straight spine. deep breathe. do not smoke.
.
store all media in random order
test the machine
who know the pleasures of writing?
phone on the bed, mouth looking at tthe ground, on the bed, eyes looking at the keyboard. why do i resist mistakes. why do i need no room for mistakes?
what is it about mistakes that are so not correctible.
the way is looking at what you are writing
what is a not tiring way of be writing?
how else do i stretch my neck
i can think with my spine straight
the way i sit make people uncomfortable
i sit down and say nothing
“no gracias”
“ahora no, quiero hacer deporte”.
the ones who go their own way?
what is this new terminology.
you dont need to put the forhead down in order to think. you can think with your spine straight. 
4 glasses of coca cola was my food of the day. 
when do i do philosophy and when do i do the whinning and the ranting?
i go to reflect. 
a word of encouragement, there is coming
what is it that so solidly speak about.
that you dont believe in it doesnt mean it doesnt exist.
i learn how to read by my own?
you can live incarnating your avatar or thinking about it
sometimes you cannot get out of your mind. why would that be? maybe because you are stoned all the time. 
how to make software work in the same folder where its contained. 
meditation is a way out.
meditation is sensing till dissolving. when the ticks sound too high. when you think its too late. when you think you should be sleeping. 
all of the sudden, things are quiet all over again
why does it feel like you cannot breathe. its just air. its all around.
.
Just pixels on a screen
Just a folder left with folders of me. The irony made me laugh
If you decide to move on, don't look back.
Exercise the no thank you.
There's nothing you need.
You use what fills the purpose.
Hacer reprocann
Why do I wait to the last time. Why always pushing on edge.
I developed a personality.
4cm clavos estriados
.
Need outer input.
Need more energy interacting with others
That's why you say no thank you.
Alone as much as you wish
No more tobacco.
No more weed.
.
Sensing and eyesight have no correlation. Keep your eyes open to the world around you as well not just the world within. Too much sensing the inner can make you trigger senses from the outter.
I forgot what I was doing was speaking about the mind.
Utopian fantasies about national restoration to a simpler, more rooted time.
“The lone wolves are gathering"
.
When I drink I won't speak
I dreamt I said something like this. Covered my mouth and shut my mouth up.
Juli dreamt there was something I couldn't say. There was something I wasn't saying
Irreparable breach of trust
.
Yoga to create spiritual experiences
Damn third eye
what determines your value
its not how you see yourself.
no formatting was the main aspect of this
i was planning on learning how to build a html website
More important to be high is that of the state of fllow
sometimes, some eras of my life i lose sense of this state of flow
i think about god forgetting
about my experiences missing
my magic gone
my powers gone
but always i know and remember that there was never any magic, just a different attitude towards impermanence, opportunity instead of anxiety and creaitivty instead of determinism
you cant achieve a flow state if you are doing something else
you can type fast or slow, speak fast or slow
the joy doesnt come from delivering lines, if i could write in less lines i would
where does the joy lies
i cannot think in spanish and english at the same time
the irony is that you can think as fast as you can type
you cant keep up with your thoughts
what is it exactly what weed does i will never know
joy does not come from finding out what weed does
neither what 
cuanto mas dejo pasar mas feo me queda el pelo y mas dificil es que quede prolijo a la primera cortaada. si me corto cada dos o tres dias entonces voy a tener la cabeza como un melon cortadito
olvidate de lo que setabas esccribiendo
intenta escribir algo nuevo
no se quien soy cuando estoy siendo en espanol
as well they know my subtleties
you veo cosas de las que otros no se percatan
we go on ego trips all the time
julio seeks clarity
we give ourselves mutual clarity
i saw a pattern in the way people treated me.
thats what happens to you reactions from people become different and not because of what you do but because of what you are
i was afraid i was a fascist but im most certaintly not
fasces. fases. phases. it sees a portion. ones philosophy. monads competing each other. how do you think the world is going to be now that you think to know that it is
joy doesnt come from the depth of my findings
recognise the world. ego.
son solamente formas de expresarse uno mismo
a veces un cable a tierra es una de las ideas mas abstractas.
dont you see i make sense?
sacrifice
what is it exactly
a sacrificial death
of course they went in there physically
how brave
everything is my philosophy but i do not have to be thinking about it. i have to be thinking about the things i want to think. i have an ego and i pursue joy. not pleasure. i dont find pleasure in pleasure in a sense. 
theya re all a bit fucked up in the head. 
does it matter what you write?  it is not a matter of defying anyone.
it is just you by yourself
sometimes you have to remember yourself staff and sometimes you dont remeember what it is. but you know you know it. and youll find it
have our lives is ourselves chasing thoughts
this is not going to make me rich
but it makes me smarter. when i finally make a move it will build up. 
esta todo bien si no me rio con tus chistes i just dont have the energy
what the what
what = what 
w = 1
you just a zero each time.
joy is not about being aloine
joy is not about flow state
joy is not about the absent of guilt
with him with go deep into one subject
juicy conversations
joy comes from interesting points
joy = interesting points
joy doesnt come from finding out different things
joy doesnt come from learning
just
philosophy is a system
the system that best works
dont as where you are just be
joy doesnt come from teaching yourself life lessons
joy doesnt come from improving yourself
joy come in finding the right ways throught life
joy doesnt come from horrible examples
joy doesnt come from writing every thought
there is joy in every path you take 
joy comes from silence
joy doesnt lie on creativity
silence = joy
i dont mean everything i say
joy doesnt come from finding out things to remember in the future
joy splits the world in two
there are things that make you think
this was really cringy to think for most people
life doesnt come in joy
joy
cringe
forget about joy
write something new
joey doesn’t come from writing something knew each time
or mispelling
you cannot choose what you think better
learn when to speak, when to type when 
mystyping
you can meditate comfortable and uncomfortable
joy doesnt come from not coming out with an answer for how you would come out of things where you no left have control
joy doesnt come from not coming out with an answer for how to better type your thoughts.
“yo te escucho, habla” le decia, y lo liberaba.
balance
joy in writing doesnt come from writing itself, sometimes its exhausting
joy doesnt come from seeing things more vividly in your mind
joy doesnt come from typing the most amount of brilliant idea
joy doesnt come from typing always about philosophy
joy doesnt come from copypasting everything
joy doesnt come from not having to wait
joy doesnt come from your picture ideal life
joy doesnt come from things 
when does it joy
joy is the point of correspondence
the point of interest
joy doesnt come from stating your political belifes
joy doesnt come from typing endlessly
joy doesnt come from remaining always in silence
he saw it
he knew it
he knew i had it, but he thought it was pure blablabla when in reality i just couldnt explain int
in the quest for authenticity (finding oneself) one do pretty much ‘
he already is a sun and evolves around himself
Los pibes hoy evolucionan mas lento
no quieren hacer algo que no quieren hacer
pieren el entusiasmo
no es para hacer entuasiasmo politico
cambiar de palabras muchas veces nos lleva 
i state a single point in a whole line conversation
something about it seems irresistible
resistance is at will a matter of decision or discipline
resistance urges and is comed up with
ser lo mas creativo
el placer no es joy
joy = point of connection
= == is the
print(joy=pointofconection)
what is the last surface of the tree
you dont write to learn about new things
willing mistakes
theres an example that make you recapitulate
youll never know how to think sooner what you need to tfind out
the joy doesnt come from repeating the same things
the flow state maybe is achieved hours withing the intake or the start of an activity
but not all activities can last forever. some are too time consuming.
many questions are too draining
you see the results and see 
he has a way of speaking
life != remembering
!= == not
== === is
life is not remembering
life != remembering
mean the same thing 
= == means the same thing
joy doesnt come from solving puzzles
joy doesnt come from a trance
joy doesnt come from speaking from experience
when you find out about their insecurities, what do you do?
life != worth dying for
split the world in two
most efficient way of writing
hasta que pase lo que tiene que pasar
the never did humble me
no one is going to do stuff for me
writing is not to type every thought
is not to type endlessly
is not about not enjoying silence
joy = silence
between .. new operations
.
operation
.
whatever the formatting
life is not about coming with the most millionaire idea
life is not about getting oneself 
best philosophy will implement
he ate the character of the ones that where troubled for them
writing requires a healthy, straight position in which you can be steady for hours. if its going to be uncomfortable at least make it 
the right values in a dirty institution
silence only hearing of the doing
even if the doing is loud
even if its too loud
or too silenced
me voy a comprar cigarrillos
y me voy a dormir
deviant behaviours are to be left on the past
but
your past catches up with you
there are different moments in your life where you 
extremely
to remain straight is a practice to remaing silenced
i noticed that straight spined 
ive been standing in the wrong neck my whole life
being strengthen 
being straighteneded 
dont interrupt what you are doing with what you just came up with
but come up with something worth doing
hes a sigma with alpha traits
no music, just  the birds. no interruptions, just me with myself conversating. what is it about flow state that is to hard to achieve with others. maybe that i dont know them too well. but the reality is i was too tired. i plumbed 
i saw myself mirrored in so many people
he seeks drama and its contagious
you cant but fall for it eventualy
it pulls you down
get the things that want back off get off and put off the things you want off. be passive about your reactions
what seems a long time ago is now not so a long time ago. this comment was yesterday
we where talking about someone with two other people
she thinks everyone is looking at her
and at some point she believes it
tired of talking about always the same stuff
or to listen to music always in the same frequency
i won’t let myself be used.
i know my actions dont always have the consequences i expected
even if i believe i should have the consequences that i agree with
you can speak about people
you speak off people
what thought is too important to write
what thought is too important to keep up with
thoughts will still come when 
its not always important about how to come back to action
people are complex because they are thoughts in a constant plain
people would fight over mathematics
so many grades of the political spectrum 
people put many illusions in stupid things
words matter but not at all
words arent exactly thoughts
what the what is the most existencial question
what=what
its not about surrounding the most absolute truth
todo el sequito
what i dont know i want to know and what i know i want to use
your memories can make you beliuve that what happened in reality was entirely something else
but is the new thhought that is disturbing you, not the first one
thje one done with innocence
how dfar does innocence gets you
how scared should you be about keepiing yout innocence
experience gives you knowledge stored somewhere you can not longer 
dont be hardned by jealousy
do nto seek ti 
joy doesnt come from meditating like a slot
maybe i need to stretch for a bit
then keep back where i was
that is exactly nowhere
no one wanted him
we are not all the same
it does not comef rom not brushing your teeth
it doesnt come from smoking weed the whole day
joy doesnt come from having lucidity, because if your dared not controling that joy would still come
joy will come and its a mstery where it comes from
joy can be experience hardly
joy doesnt come from remembering everything
the entire difference is in the naming
i will forget every thouoght anyways.
joy doesnt come from meeting everyone
invitar a otros a editar material
dont just give material experiencee
they dont need it
joy doesnt come from recording everything
decirle que no de atras para adelante
the last branch is the new one
no thanks and then go to have some rest
fully recover avoiding the last puff at least
with the right word you can split the world in two
apocalyptic male
god = joy
what’s the center cannot be at the center
we surround it
we orbit around it
the god incognito
our lives depend on it
name it as you want.
the gravitational center of your life
is the biggest mistery
why are we here
make the software give back 10 random lines
original files remain unattached.
then you can 
that system doesnt work
its obscure
make the software give back 10 random lines 
priest the one that preach
i just wished for a better philosophy, and i found it 
much better ones
joy doesnt come from being undisciplined
its fine that we react calmly
de quien dijo que cosa todos se acuerdan
ass engaged
fear of god’s mistery
you show the images you tell yourself
why burn out
we can see of things potential
you shouldnt enact your fears. 
you should be able to keep your spine straight
only with shoes i make my feet vibrate
a file in someone’s folder
those nightmares are just images projected by your own emotions
you can be still even when your emotions are turmoiled
you can still breathe 
would someone condemn me for a oneliner
everything means everything
===
0=0
are you able to do things with no trust
people pick up the subtleties
for every story you need an act and a thing
sometimes you will have to describe your emotions literally
a motive
why did you do that to her? whats your motive
i can work if i have the right naps
i dont take myself that seriously
we are reenacting things from ourselves
j sees me as his son
she scares him
with her dreams and thoughts
he tells me father and son anecdotes
humans are much more evolved
he inspired me to write even if he didnt himself write
crush bugs
how 
default encoding is platform dependent
utf-8 is standard
rozando lo atrevido
to close a file you close the function of the variable calling the file
sometimes you are too stoned to then be happy
joy doesnt come from being stoned the entire time
joy doesnt come from cutting off from everyone and avoiding contact
i feel bad by rejecting 
i feel bad when rejecting
they cant keep their hands away
there are different paths to accomplish the same things
they want that what scares them
nothing more extroverted than speaking
thoughts are lost in translation
a programming language that writes itself
people get angry when others dont get what they mean
im trying to explain why that you try and tell me how to do it is useless
im drinking one beer and going to bed
maybe thats the diet of the million dollar
he questions him, he doesnt like it
there are always sides of a question
i wonder if i manipulate
i wonder 
one liners enter and go
you cant connect two thoughts when you are too high
the moment im dreaming it im doing it
life is not knowing yourself
life has no goal
life != goal
life is not
where life is not
he takes his words too seriously. i dont
you can try and hide the truth with facts
i dont have a problem with fascism coming to an end
the world is as it is is now a matter of how. behaviour. life. science is fine. but people who want to live happy live happily. 
we mistake what we look for in a partner if we have experiences with people with limited reactions
nothing happes if you just stop right at where you are at
being oneself is the hardest fuckign thing
dont think about words too much you dont mean them so much
they are words 
you know the order of importance
truth is beyond recognition
has nothing to do with it
or with senses
im just overwhelmed not knowing how to format it all.
between paragraphs.
.
between.
.
neurotic brain wont let you break.
let iti go
claim the next sentence
this one doesnt have to be your best oneliner
describe the best oneliner there is there for you at your disposal.
i knew when i summed points and when i didnt
god is not mine alone
every copy is pasted in the file if function is active
.
spanda=vibracion
prakti=principio dinamico y transformador del cosmos
movimiento descendente femenino en relacion al movimiento ascendente masculino
yoni=organo sexual femenino
la arrogancia de la ciencia
creer que puede probarse el logos del universo
“This is the thought that i found”
I do not always use my own thoughts
conversation is faster
i should record consented conversations
it is rude for them not to know whether there is a recorder or not
legalize your sessions
be the letting go be  apart of it
you learn how to act freely in front of cameras
you learn how to act freely in front of a recorder
you record the tracks in a controlled environment
you pick up a date
you dont refuse order and control in those places where you can control them: work
you choose your own work
the performance is for making mistakes
im raging inside and calm like an artist
deep down the artists calmness there is a storm. the artist is raging in a loop
why is it so much work to talk to someone else
sometimes you dont feel like talking
each one of their 
the world cant care about your feelings
the writer is also raging inside
i cant feel that if im raging
is the spirit about to explode
thats where you derive pleasure from
gut
the gut wheel moving
The wheel
The wheel = 2-2
0=2-2
when they think im just randomly typing shit i will 
I have to point to a prove and im doing it
maybe he looks at her a little bit too much
identity is a matter of grades
they are just presenting the opposite poles in this dichotomy
when cannot understand the world by intuition because the world is chaotic
intuition is ordered. 
their heads up high
the rage to keep writting bukowski talked about
Say as much as its true
Tkinter
thinker
Simbolos invertidos
Being aware of it
nothing will exactly happen if 
we are naturans secunda
saying “oh no, thats too painful to think about” wont cut it.
where you arent supposed to look at is also where knowledge is. and we are prediction machines. 
being = believing
the point is to choose to go your own way
theres virtue in each way
if you have an adventurous spirit, you wont have to be imprisoned by the spirit of another.
no one is indispensable
if you have a more caring spirit, you most certainly would like to marry the woman you love and form a lot of children and descendance
there is romance in every idea that we have
we need equilibrium
but equilibrium is in ourselves
in our perception of the realities of the world.
not in the world themselves
even though the world
the world seems to be an old concept
pain exhausts you
a bird in my head
over the lamp
just came in
i started chirping and sibling and whistling and the bird didnt seems to hear me say a thing. he still is there. looking around. i dont know if to let him there (not controlling) or jumpscaring him (booing him) for fun and also to avoid him to take a shit on my head or in my keyboard. he just left, while i was thinking how to type this last sentence. It was a tacuarita.
many dont see the problem of the world as something to be fixed
whats the legacy you are leaving for change
why do you want to live like the old ones?
the ones putting other the names are the stupid ones. 
since then ive come a long way
learn to control your impulses
why do you want to rage?
what are you so nervous for? 
the software lets you add more points
too points in a row makes them part of the new branch
god is beyond the lowest point
whats your philosophy
who cares what your philosophy is
i do not have to write smart things all the time, not even being irrational things all the time
let people who do not want to change, alone.
the state wants to take care of the people
she wanted me to see the new presidente as a father. kek
i have integrated the way she told me to sit
nothing will change for the end of the wheel
there is nothing more powerful than powerful ideas
nature will find its place
lo mas importante del mundo no es la concentracion
lo mas importante del mundo no es la conversacion
0=elMundo
elMundo!=conversacion
elMundo!=concentracion
fill the variables
you have a software on the plan even if you dont notice exactly
how much longer can i hold it? 
CAN you for hours hold it
you can
can your mates digest
yous can
i dont have an obligation on writing towards the world
you dont have infinite energy
dont leave the last puchito of energy for the last part
when you are not excercising you can survive on low food intake
joy is not in intuition
what things are in what
two points for one thing to be in another thing
.
.
all systems pointed to the same places
order the text for me in a natural way
various interesting points pointing at it
there is a canon order but order is of no importance
not even to the author
ceros is one cero split in more ceros
nadie te esta incriminando
she obligued me to move
she put the mark of the outsider on my harm
she added night on me
invalido el que no se vale por si mismo
invalidado
why name each version
no need
why name each file
no need
name both binary
.
All worlds are in this one
Have realistic expectations
Me when the
Siempre me demuestro que siempre estoy equivocado
Welcome to my podcast. It's all audio.
Un lugar designa uno menos uno.
un lugar designa el conflictto entre dos personajes
cant you feel your neurons skipping?
sensing is not thinking
its an inverted symbol, like those are so mdany where what its supposed to represent is represented bbby something eelse or meant something else
donde close your eyes
do not rea bit do not also not read
do keep the last part of your pspain straight
in your coushin
let the body rest on itself
you could use poops to tell truths, instead you choose to make poops to shame someone
what i did in the past did not have no content. 
i was not full of myself
thats a symbol i misrepresented 
i dont like my thigns being used by others if its not for sharing
you may not be aware or you may be aware
are you aware of the level of importanfe of a thougt? of a snse. of a breath. breathe
relax
everything is fine
enjoy the silence. get back from the clouds. concentrate. focus. come back down here to the body. wego and superseeed the power of the spirits
who the fuck writes in the context of representen a group? an individiaul speaks for itself whether it knows it or not. 
those guys arent thinking
a la vuelta de la normal el local del zore
its always equally strong it depends how you manage it i should  be speaking up.
i should be spaking louder
i should have listened
but i had shame
i aws shy
i shouldnt be scanning
scanning is equally important
equally scan your whole body.
scann your feet.
no sensation is importe more  imp[ortant than another.
a man goes where love is
werewolf shw was
I need to strengthen my legs when lying down
my father wont be here forever
i should have a conversation with him about his past ideology
The joy is not in the not knowing
i should be able to straighten my legst
Lumbago
A character that is always lying but the protagonist dont react
whay do you speak to me, the girl in the masked white asked. he stared at her. she was near the lake. right before the tomb. surrounded by a forest. he approeached the other side of the lake and saw her there standing like a statue. shw worn a dress even though it was tu
wjat was your nam, sorry?
valeria. 
thank you valeria
she wore carrying a 50 kg bag of earth
are they or not related. do i even know?
lets come up with new stories and continue them as long as you can. now.
.
different stories diferent poitns.
.
We can create a mirror of ourselves in AI.
.
should we sleep exposing our necks?
looking upwards?
a gigancic spider on the roof
he instead experienced hallucinations, before suffering from a heart attack.
.
a oneself automata
mirroring oneself
databases of your voice and words are then returned for yourself
it would be a tool to communicate with your unconscious
youll be able to communicate with it, expect answers from it that sound like it would have come from your own mind. because at some point it did
there are so many things in this world to fall in love with
why does it take so long
how do i do to come up with sentences that make no sense, even to me
they are just empty words
why worry about formatting
whats the importance of the writttings
it is none
concentrate on your fingers typing, that is what you are doing and to what extent you control the situation. whats printed on screen or not is not up to you. the importance relies on whether or not it went through your experience
it has importance in the order in which it has relevance
the people you know aint gonna forget about it
people know stories about you
no one tells you stories about your parents
its as if they didnt exist. you now are thinking about an habitual pattern here life. the mother. mother is life. be grateful with life and youll love your mother. be disgusted by the world and youll be disgusted by your mother.
it was a secret she didnt want me to know about
she was well aware when she taught me all those things.
he too had a secret
why do people think thoughts are secretive?
to see i close my eyes
i am more conscious about
i knew what i was capable of and didnt like it
he of course remembers that i sucker punched him 
maybe it was what he needed. he was punching everyone else in the citty
i thought he was a bully and didnt like him. he talked trash about me on my back. 
many dont know that i write
dont move your hands from the keyboard. that way youll know if you are mistyping.
hands should have some freedom in order to write properly
well
represent
how is it that you are going to 
RIIIIIIIIIII
represent samthing if there is nothing 
mistakes are the highest way there
it doesnt matter the rihythm is not about to be chedcked or not
it is aabout you not forgetting that 
looking at the keyboard wont make you come up with new ideas
thouhgts dont necessartily have to be printed on your third eye
you could be with your eyes open
staring at the wall
knowing exactly how much the time is passing by the light that enteres the window through the glass
dont retain thoughts
at least not when meditating
meditating is not thinking
meditating is seeing through the eyes ofe experience
experience happens in the third eye
every part of the story is told there
either you rationalize it or youu perish trying 
hard it is not to be able to sit steraight
it is just i have so little energy
smoking 3 times a day
moderation
some smoke 3 joints a day
me maybe half of one
i seem arrogant but im goodd at things
no one can predict you
thats why you are
fk it
they are faceless trying to guess each others emotions
its people
why do smart people dont avoid the hard subjects
some of them do but when they dont want that to envision
like terreence mckenna and race theory
what have he said abou it? havent checked but i guess he was more about the musrooms effects on us. understanding our commonality in order forr us to stop tryeating ourselves in a cerrtain way.
all equal in valeue
burt not for the world
the world fucnctions on value
theres never not someone wanting to save you
you forget what you dont mean
hee was having lacunas
leave her on the side. it is of no importance
graduates of life
the no fap community
coming out of the coomer community to be part of the no fap community
people lie to themselves
it is a normal trait
more than normal natural
we do not know what we are lying ourselves about
we do not know
he dismisses porn entirely
why do they have to mean weed for me. no one owns weed. it comes from the ground.
tuvo la culpa adan
quien tuvo la culpa? mama o papa?
Adan o eva?
the original sin is the sin where all things come from (-1)
sin = void
sin = lackthereof
void=empty
the empty space is a negative number
the filled space is a positive number
she smells like age and death\s
\n
of what importance is it
i have text for sobre (thje sobra)
la mujer que me presento a la magia fue quien me preesento a la magia
si podes escribir oximorones
got it, moron?
the art of writing lies in speaking through weords as if you would if perofrming
act your writings out
do not waste time
you need tefficiencty not becvause, but because thoughts require yourto type fast.
why refuse think some things and not others
random magic
random magic will make your clear
find a reason not to do something
find a reason not to do as you please
ill make an audio theatre
why does audio theatre not exist
i encourage others
un programa de radioteatro
an entire play lypsyncing
meditating is not enough
lest hope they dont 
many inside of the state many outside of the state
thinking is the only thing is silent
you dont have that voice you believe you have in your mind
you sound a lot more stupid
The tithe system in principle is wrong, and in practice is disastrous to many farmers.
why do i measure my wellbeing in alegrias y tristezas
estaba muy drogado por esooo
why cant i rant or be ashamed with my spine straight?
whats the matter
human nation
german money became worthless
carry me home
.
a hero has no respect
un falso documental
the nation of stoics
one nation
no color, no race
but one philosophy
truth is not in its content but in its ways
when we say truth we are talking about a really specific thing here.
music with high content of noise
i express through the music in noise
i dont want to do metal
im not angry nor do i want to scream
you have to be goal oriented
you cant live your life on a loop
its not healthy for you
not good for you
you wont enjoy the decisions you make because you make them over and over
higher noise is easier to mix
we all need union under what
many people knew he was an idiot when he was speaking in tel aviv
this is poetry you have not seen yet ordered
i make you listen to noise
when you now ask me what did i like about it
it was spiritual. it was his energy on stage. his presence. his spine straight. even though he was retorciendose
am i his dad not approving?
it all starts, im intrigued
you dont get silencer
you just add noise
it doesnt have to be loud. just loud enough to cover the ambience around you. then you play the tape
the more noise the better
an ongoing battle between her time and my time
is a meditative state. noise
music should be across the room
so the recorder can be louder
we all see the same things but arent paying attention to the same things
there are those who realise how the mind works
those who realise how the mind works wouldnt 
disrespect for the priest
wikispriest:A priest is a religious leader authorized to perform the sacred rituals of a religion, especially as a mediatory agent between humans and one or more deities. 
definitions = this
when you equalize something
you are defining it
many like me
jbp is a priest
>Quiet kid bullied back in highschool
>Low self-esteem
>Bad experiences from past relationships
>Spending too much time on the internet
>Failed multiple times at getting better
>Lack of motivation
Feels bad man
Life of a Doomer is the story of a young man who know the truth. Once, his relatives told him that he was unique, that he could achieve anything, now he knows that it was a lie. His mediocrity plunges him into a world of fantasies and dreams.
all traditions matter the same
wheres the common ground
CDoomer
CBDoomer
Coomer
boomer
doomer
allminisculues
minusculinist
what if you entangle the fantasies with the real world
La verticalidad y la horizontalidad son los dos infinitos
The world is infinite and is not material and only belongs to nature earth the vertical. The horizon. It's infinitely 360° novelty.
Do I want to see the reactions on their faces
Every loco war is against himself but perceived against all
Can you handle cryptic
Lo eché a la mierda con otras palabras.
They are social archetypes
how to ahave a better life
how that smile is gone
this are social archetypes
flights to the sea
images that are not of t this world
screen provides those 
tiene un brazo gigante y otro chico. el coomer. se tira de uni edificio. 
wet dream
he jumps into the water
toxic girlfrriend
poetry 
fascist monk
types of monk
first its a formatting txt software
i want people to think whatever they can see in their own words
their own words back to them
my own words back to me
thats why including txts from outside is not as interesting is you want to be mirrored
but there are folders and subfolders
it is a battle of sexes 
papada aint bad
who be obsessed with their appearence
why be 
how much be caring about ones looks
a clown is supposed to make fun of himself
what type of woman are you
Ceros = Other
O
0
Cero is orderered in its totality, disordered in its its locality
why dont we talk about locality instead of temporality
i write my own lines in my phone, as i always have
la horizontalidad es igualmente infinita
es ver la comonalidad en el todo
lo que parece vertical
es bajarse del pony
la grandeza es interna
muchas veces se manifiesta adentro
otras veces no es manifestacion 
aver a ver
como quiere la miolanesa
como quiere la milanesa
informatics are all just trees
the lords of the digital
the noise of the digital
where lies the beauty on the noise of the digital
its easy to represent fiction with noise
there is a noise that lies over the entire thing
unordered book or book desordenado
import numpy
import random
import modules
import os
import shutil
import
am i not scared of bugs? 
femme morte
splits and randomizes onliners
one line to make you curious
dont go unclean
clean is enough
no dirth
im not exquisite
they must be oneliners unless i can pack them up. randomizer can be applied to folders or to lines 
onefoldersarealsoonelines
can you make a shoe a webserver
if there is a duplicate dont show it
if you record it broken you can avoid plagiarism
the txt splitter is online
a treat of random lines 
a desintagration of self
it is not forgetting
it is forgiven
you can throw many lines in the void
its a book
its a black book
you never know what you are going to find in it
a chain is only as strong as its weakest link
you can throw on you sunglasses and a scarf still wont make you look good
you can wear a black tshirt, still wont make you slim
insecurities show, they either scream or whisper
women are insecurities detectors
the distortion without the dissonance
Una fascia. 
Truth will come out
your body is feminine
earth
we come to earth through the woman
translating to binary all titles
00 = ceros
ceros band = 0 x cantidad de musicos
0
one each zero
i dont know what ideas other have
‘’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;,mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]===========================-------------------------------00000000000000000000000000000000000000pp55555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555556666666666666666666666666666666666666666666
Writing clubs
For some reason, creative writing is a female-dominated medium. Like most of this list I have no fucking idea why this is, but it is the case, so it’s a great way to meet women. If you have any inclinations toward writing, make it a social activity. Join a local writing group. Beta-read the work of your peers and ask for critiques of yours. It won’t have the physical elements of the previous two options I listed, and the women you’ll meet are more likely to be introverted and shy, but you’re bound to make connections nonetheless.
social singing in general introduced me to plenty of dates back in the day.
Theater
Yet another performing art, and again, for some reason, dominated by women and gay men.
you dont have the same phrases that i have
thats why you 
a black book
no one knows what it contains
the black book is a physical book
in the pc are called the black scrolls
if im going to meet toxic people, better to not meet
socializing is better to be sober
is not that you have greater ideas
but ideas you are excited for
for so long i had ideas i was not excited for
more the opposite
si what does that to you
im going to mix my book with every other book i want to 
maybe all with one space


like i used to do before. but the blocks are going to be made by the software, no need do do them now. it is a waste of tame to make spaces with the thumb and it is a waste of time to double press entre.
mate y el infaltable pipazo.
phrases in all languages
phrases of all creeds
libros pero les cargas las data que vos queres
A miracle
la excepcion
i dont know other people’s missions
there is no one leader.
we look at each other. there is jesus but there is also mussolini
theres buddha, krishna
do not find arguments to fight arrogance
arrogance is not a mistake, but a waste of time
a mistake is a miracle
some civility would be enough
she panics when she sees stuff
who is he talking about
the center gets bigger and eats the outer peal. 
libros que te inspiren arriba
asi no te da sueno
leo sueprfuerza, paul davis
el hombre que esta solo y no espera
botanica oculta
la educacion de la voluntad. 
el lobo estepario
erasmo, elogio de la locura
simpatia por el diablo 
people are too intense in their beliefs.
and thats going to make you do stupid stuff
do not believe what you think
no one could ever 
draw emojis because they are all oneliners
blanco en fondo negro es una mancha
el blanco tambien es una mancha
sometimes words they match sometimes they dont
find a way for themselves to want to hack their own brains into doing stuff
I always find something more important to do than that videoclip
people think
embellishment is magic
im just good with text
how did they behave with their women
and how did they behave with their men
men vs women is happening
division
multimillionaire problems
.
i want to play with people
let me play
like keith richards and john lennon
in those hotel rooms
the books im reading give you a hint of the things im thinking
oh there is a truth mrs simpson, just we dont know what it is
why distort the scenes in your mind
enjoy them as they are works of fiction
sensation and thought are not parented
she doesnt know im a philosopher
ui do not claim to be
maybe she knows
stamps
im going to print one random line in each book i sell
hago video de todo despues le saco una captura
i limit that part of me to the earth world
i do not do magic
one random oneliner for each book i sell
no relation
knowing more about them is not going to change my life
el camino de la autodestruccion is not noble
phrases appearing all mixed up
txts are not important
there can be as many
they can be edited either manually or automatically through the app
the idea is to read for writing
read for reading for reading for writing
reading = writing
First, stop masturbating, it going to be hard but you gotta try first. When you stop that, you will be forced out of your comfort zone to try to reach orgasm through sex. Don’t go back to masturbating again
Fourth. About the Porn.
Just stop it. Get some help. If you’re spending 1/4 of your days fantasising of having sex, you’re not going to get a girlfriend, no matter how much you want one. Just stop, and if your future girlfriend ever finds out about your porn addiction, then she is not going to like you. You’ll just look like some perverted creep.
hello bitches
input has changed
screen needs to load again
many eoplemay wonder what im i doing here typing so fast. the answert is, im a student for programmer.
that aint a lie. thats what im seeking
to learn how to program a software that would revolutionize the way people believe about themselves
we hold many believes at first hand that are easily disposable, we just never looka at it from that angle, thats all.
what is really the harm
o sjhouldnt need to be a 
the harm is psychological
what do you pay attention to.
what do you seek in your free time, why dont  you instead meditate or go outside, stop working. bearthe
control
breathe control
coding for formatting text
code for  formatting text
whyy do i carea bout mistakes
i need to just acknowledge what is but not accept it nor reject it. i just do not care abouty that, i am dealing with somethihng else.
the busy man seeks forever something to do instead of going out.
but it is easy for him to find things to do. write. code. music. read. call. record. organize. clean. there are things to do. even if just for taste.
what you sense right here has nothing to do witha  sense from the past
=bv 4
there is nothing to feed
You've learned more than you realise
.
autocatalitic
hyperagency
poeticism
autopoetic
agency
tornado
adiction
process self perpetuated
ultimately be the destruction that hold this together
destructive power within you.
i should not listen again until i finish writing my line.
do not copy what you hear
hear words
write words
parasitic
type 
selfdestructive
neutral terms
intent of parasit entities, destroying the agency
life of its own dependeant on another one
egregores
(inbetweenthings)
hyperagents
twist in the potential for agency
self dewstruction of agency
agency
the capacity to act
no definite identity 
destroy your being
ancestors painted our dreams
articulation of ideas
whay are they important
the rabbit
metaphoir of death
discontinuity has occurred
dos saltos discretos
parasitic processes
tornado and a mob. air molecules (no engage in cognition) vs mob (human being, engage in cognition quite high)
parasitic process dynamic with cognitive agents
confusion about what is actually going on
the guy is dead
there is a discontinuity there
nothing is happening while you write
you are exactly typing those words
all perception require mythical framework
the idea is that if youd ecide tou write something, you write it before paying attention to the next thing
forget about what sounds on the background
you are studying
you need to study
programming
the demonic is the degradation of the hyperagency into parasitic processing and we can stand parasitic processing in terms on how its undermining the cognition of the individual agents.
do you have a daemon
why do you need the silence
what good is it to write
is it good or better to be doing something else? editing for someone else? writing and recording your own music?
i only have things, plenty of things, and im not ungrateful 
theres always an inbetween
you shouldnt be fueling but you shouldnt either be afraid of falling in
we all understand each other in the spirit
we all understand every archetype once we make sense of it
archetypal things are social
manifestations of the collective
see the course of history in big terms
la filosofia de la historia
escohotado un sabio 
its easy to ask for peace if you know they want you dead
they are erasing our memory
they erase their memory
memory not there anymore
muy pensativo
muy cerebral
a blond guy with black nails
the guy wearing make 
estromaestro 9000mg
when creating fantasies in our homes, we try to recreate them outside
no one can speak to you psychological
you can have parasiting thoughts that erase your memory
.
Disgusting one
Define that
You can write as you think
It is possible
We close our eyes maybe because it was more vivid
El ruido es para tapar a los demás
Yo cuando estoy ido escribo
No quiero hacer nada más
No me dejo llevar así por los demás
Pobrecita
Love Is to understand someone's suffering
Needed to dream with a song that's on a loop that sounds like an alarm because you can't here the silence of the night.
Think about goals instead of her holes
The idea of never going again what causes the most pleasure makes me go


boots to dance
to step on the floor
to claim the place that my body occupies
to enjoy it
to dance alone
no sleep 
no struggle
all you need for an infinite creativity is a feedback loop
listening to all broken and recording that and from that making music. a feedback loop
eternal feedback loop into noise
to find music where noise lays
this is poetry
.
who would you approach
you are capable
no one know what you pay attention too
give it a minute to be silent, steady, writing, looking up
i found a way to 
facilito un monton de buenos momentos tambien
los amigos siempre estuvieron
y fue gracias a el
vengo saliendo desde los doce trece anios
I got robbed many times 
being young seeming weak
i didnt like to be messed with
dont get nervous
get the physic to counteract
give health an opportunity
you havent done that 
never
since you started going out
i was a promising kid that got lost
muchas vidas muchos maestros
son vidas pasadas
demonios del pasado keep coming back
horror plot
El padre habia podido simular ser un amor por anios
replace(amorxanios)
anos
chewing gum
whats to be nervous about writing
you are awake
you are here
you are on earth
you are connecting with people
you are going out less, but meaning it more
you are workign
you are doing your duties
maybe at a lower pace than you should
non stop
silent
writing
thoughts
still
mining
doom
i neededddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd to pause
i did
now im back
again
this is poetry
this is my poem
scroll
you write your scroll
a scroll is a piece of paper that contains information 
scroll=ppaer\
scroll=paper
it contains written words
it was use to transfer information
Scroll
you write your own Scroll
this is my Scroll
you have yours and your books of study
having books is a thing of the past
you now have your txt paste and your own thoughts as feedback loop
she craves for attention and i hate giving it to her
in some out of anger
out of disgust
out of desire
out of lust
you hate giving attention to something that craves it
I learned my lesson, i dont know what it was but i learned it
dont change your eyes
fuck that
is wrong for your social hierarchy
you have to become better
better body
fitness
better hard
cardio
you need to run
you need to do one lap
people do not want to see you run
cant you cardio at home?
cant you rope?
cope with reality
this poem is called scroll
its a command a form and a function
anticipation
its fine to give attention
that it needs
do not anticipate
why is it so hard in some stances
some cases
some situations
this are verses
they are going to be ordained in an unordained matter
you can jump from thing to thing
do not distract yourself
prove yourself
this aint even like a robot
imagine the day that will come
we will be overpowered by machines
you know the names of what you liked
what if you excercise the craving
she wont cease existing 
there was once an era where wars were fought for beautiful women
incelibates
involuntary celibates
why you do and why you dont
don let things that waste your time distract you from what you are doing
recording material to then edit to then work
i should install those cameras
im already investing here
let them help 
youll return every penny one way or another
I wont give your name to any institution
i reject being name of any institution
im a cero and so are you
cero
cero
cero
cero
cero+cero=ceros
ceros
0000
whats your root to earth
whats the point of truth
what have you been doing
why do you need me
the things that came out that didnt come out on purpose as well came from your unconscious but without your intention
you have allan watts
and then whats
you cant not live zen in the modern world
there is suffering
suffering is real
and it must be alliviated
they have poets as idols
you wont get tired of her
dont let shit distract you
you feel powerless but that doesnt mean you are powerful
could you handle even an approach
i want the right ones to approach me
its not right to not be accepted socially
but you dont need to be friends with everyone
its fine if you just have a few acquintences
the thing is to stay focused
even when doing something like that
energy must be just focused
not repressed
you chanelled
not still
I felt laura liek that
maybe i could see her again
focus on one name
one name at a time
if its too strong the pull
beautiful females will have names
edge
PMO
you invite someone with your hands
you dont invite them with words of kindness
if you get what you want at home you wont go outside
Make sure each one of them has a name
You name them
this will be my sound. you choose your sound
it is not presented to you
you seek it
it is a broken sound what will make my sound
people have different personalities and different ways of connecting with music. all of them could compose
I like that the recorder is capable of getting something from the speaker at a lower level than i can
thoughts come and go, why judge a oneliner
an element composes 
he has a way with words to make you believe its all wrong
hes not toxic the same way i just cant hate him the same way
Sometimes what you are hearing is really not louud
but you hear it as loud
how loud are the tecleteos in the keyboard
hey broomer
are you stimulated or not if you are being still
your ears are much higher than what you think. when you hear the keyboard alone, your ears react to them.
they stand up, flex, vibrate or whatever. it is to obvious not to notice, yet, in another emnvironment this would be unnoticeable
may be re verb
verb and reverb
reverb
exactly the same ideas 
chocando contra las mismas ideas
looking up, its higher
theres enough wind to make me not care about the sun
the sun is trong enough to burn you in one hour
is it enough for it come back
doomer
woomer
boomer
coomer
zoomer
roomer
toomer
yoummer
pummer
plumber
plummer
do i need to type everything
do i need to keep my spine straight
do i need my friends 
do i see them enough toimes
tomorrow i have to go to place2
place=gualeguay
think of real people
thats the true thought for success
for manifesting
think of true people
i asked for it
he didnt offered me
when he offers i say no thank you
when i ask i smoke
my tools for work
a recorder
a speaker
a pc
launchpad
musical instruments
before you see someone ask yourself
one scroll
made by zero
cero
I need to eat and then sleep
i need to rest for tomorrow
enough with it
you need to now work on your video
is it time now?
maybe you release it as it is with little change
but you wouldnt do that
why do you hate deadlines so much
you cant just write forever
its not going to solve anything
this is just an unordered poem
sunlight is bothering both of my eyes interchangeably
programmer is what i want to be
programming formatting 
programmer formattting software
a formatting software
editing and formatting software
take the same idea with a different apprach, you have now a new software
that shows you the amount of lines that you want at the same time
it enourages you to read more than one line in order to decide if to move the block or not
mistakes will make the final product doesnt matter how much you like it
smoked
stretch someone’s hand
nothing wrong with you
there is a life after the compulsions
teach your brain otherwise
dont get thirst
get hungry
get thirsty
.
ricetta scabecche
corto pechugas
olla punado de sal
pechugas cortadas
zanahorias
cebollas todo junto arriba
un limon
dos hojas de laurel
vino blanco
una taza de aceite
una de vinagre una de vino blanco
julian juliani
juliana juliani
.
In the verb lies it's form
People are too split
At the time is not scary because you are living. You can still breathe and realise the hear and now hasn't changed.
Organs and tentacles. Covered in dirt.
Don't think to satisfy your impulses.
It's raw meat
Land of the free
They experimented with drugs/sex and then choose to leave them
You come out as a monk
Prioritize your feelings of safety
I can make it Igor it's fresh kids tab with less than ram
Less see how much u can operate without ran
Hehehe lil
Buffy no Jeff to sleep no struggle
Butch no need to sleep no struggle
Under what the fuck did it better what home or with Luke this from then on keys Dr what happened
This is what happened
You never Twitter even what to you rent to write
Love music. Test. Make it. Test. Think. Don't do nothing. Test.
.
El profe chucho
he can put her in the friendzone too
la friendzone is something that happens
my girlfriend was triggered by so many words
my girlfriend is triggered by so many words
i want a girlfriend knowledgeable of so many words but triggered by none of them
words are words
they belong to another order of importances, because of another order of existence.
friendzone was a word that would have triggered her
i think of her so ofthen now that im watching these videos about the wojak animations
modern world problems are traditional world problems
you are way ahead of the ones that are not aware of the way
but like you so many arrogants
every man waiting endlessly
why do we need the update of theapp to no t stay behind
why cant we use software unsopported
what are you trying to build
what are you trying to support
as soon as i leave this position i should go and start 
i should start my day at 5am staying at bed, smoked and writting in my journal
why is it smoking of any level of impotance
why cant you clean yourself
what do you care if its boring or not
youll find something to do
why do you write for?
writing is not a skill it is a way of wtransmitting information
i wont look at the scren i dont care whayt im typing
what i need to let go is my neuroticism
i dont want my neurocticism
fixating in the little detaisl
in the symology
inverted symbology
What is happening to us
that checkin g if it was done right is neurotic
that remembring fof the past serntences
i was looking for enlightenment
enlightenment just means forget that you have ever thought
but do you want to do that
you can still do while you are not thinking. you still have e a mind that processes it all
you don t need to be looking at the screen, inf fact the worse it gets the more you watch because you could be watching at the ceiling
as if you were trying to sleep
i wont look at the screen so
it is actually good to loose all things? thats what they say, orientalists
why cant i write about everything
the father archetype was portrayed horribly in the past
but we are still fathers
all men are fathers
are sons
they have a mother mary and a father god
they
i dont belong to that religion
meaning is on one’s own
there is trust between too individuals
what separates us
we are all parts of the same thing yet we call ourselves individuals
yetr, who would there it was the same like me?
stop smoking to remember more
why was ai ashamed of their reactions
why did i shy waway
Te doy una mano
no
chau brisa
lo bueno de ver la pantall asi es que no puedo leer lo que de cice
no importa lo que dice
la importance de dejar de tener el neuroticisimo
no sabia que era un neurotico
tambien se lo que es no ser un neurotico
enlightenment is leaving out neuroticism
is nseeing the greatest picture 
dicen que jung se cago y no quiso ver al ram dass de la india
y en tonces 
la forma de hablar que tengo es muchas veces irrespetuosa
i dont speak otherwise
i dont know how to talk
sometimes i dont like myself
ti donnt like the coold version of ymself
sometimes is just rubberish
sometimes is just giberish
they are all later realisations
i dont want to have
but i have because of the experiences i have here
i had a troubled schildhood with troubled parenting and troubled friends and troubled neighbours and troubled family members and troubled world traoubled society troubled cities t
we live in a society


what kind of society shouild we live in 
once you come to ther ealisations there are no way back
stop wasting your time remembering what was before
your mind worklds pewrfectly
dont l
you need to stop smoking weed so you can relax
youll feel humilkiated
after a good laugh at you
should you
should syou instead not remember anyithing?
should you instead remember absolutely everything?
ve conditioned myself to writing
im a compulsive writter with al what that means
im sje
It doesnt mean i want apprecieaate her
she was looking good in the campament
and she made me laugh
she was good for a laugh
in ones, you see mothers, iun others you seee cool friends
in others, you see toxic girlfriends
You dont want to look at the secreen
the thing is, if you dont look at the screen, mistakens will be made and remain unnoticed
why do you care
if there are mistakes or not
if you are writing just to write
the thing is, sometimes too much information can be overwhelming
sometimes you write to be mindful, then you should open your eyes, look at the ceiling , change ytour head position, do not write.
the thing about me is i dio not move my neck
is klilling me
i cant be productive with my compuiter
despues fresco me levanto y toco un poco el tema
el desafio es no volver a la position cero to write
i do not need it
i can change my ways and the ways of my back
im not ecxactly celibate by choice
im an incel
but the thing is i wont conform
i dont need to be in anyones company
because im not offered anyones company
if you dont act, you dont get any women
but why should you cant if there is no interest in eternal ways
they would do that
some of them would do that
there are archetypes for all
the wals fo character, the wak of body
the strong of character, the strong of body 
you should train, more when you dont feel like it
you should medaitate, more when you feel not like it
you should train, more when you feel not like it
you should collector of audio
to sample
audio from everone
i at times assumed that the next sentecnce was always the most important one
the training of the writier is impresssive because it goes from dominating the sprit. controlling the minrd to control the body at the same time
see images abnd describe them
ttype eacch individual letter with muscle memory and then 
you shouldnt kill ego
you should tame it
ego is your tool
you uise your ego in the world
why not use it at your own free will
the partent if blamed for what the parent is blamed for whos responsible of your creation of not you
but what happens when you enjoy life
you do not thank them
i thank them because i enjoy my life
im not sure ill be able to say no
there are some that are attractive but feel rejected or are attractive
i realise now thet type of boy i was byt the type of girls that were attractive to me
im attracted to gothic girlfriends
archetypes
one liked anime
the other one liked eeee
what the damage would do to that person
damage is a way of controlling 
you can control the things you damage
but what happens when the damaged if freed
you hate maeditating when the subjectes of what you are thinking about are not of your liking or are so much that are disrupting your sleep
you know why you stop-ped
 meditating
for the horrible thoughts
you know whern you rae strong onece again youll act once again
whats considered action and inaction
pregunto para tener una idea
i don not want more than having an idea
if i can have the idea ill be satisftied bt thart
because i now know 
whats the type of person who would do what
if you are with your keyboard at your disposal
im saying writing is not like another activirty
thoughts are gone before you can end the line
let it igo
images are not thoughts
images can let go of
by looking at them
Cuando un grupo de gente no esta en la misma
why did i go near him
did he not want me there?
he waws not alone
he was surrounded
to make my own daw
thats somwething i would like
i should again foon progrraming thts what is going to make me eat
carry me forwared
im in front of my computer and i know what ill do. except im in my bed and in the keyboard writing on phone


some things liet you intranquilo
.
the compression f the mattress on your lower back
you cant know whats written
you can know waht you are trying tyo write
most of the times
sometimes you cant
if someone slapps you is nmot going to be go easy on you
i know i made a paragraph when it blinks
i know im awritting properly because it blinks
i can put the screen looking at the cuirtains
i know im still on docs and writing
i dont have to look at thes creen nor the words that i write
i can look to the sides and still see it it blinks
i can even see more
maybe when its in the corner i cant
not everythougght of you is interesting
not ieven to yourself alone
Less even for ther est of them
you re still on docs
this is a test
he vwas lonely
looking for company
but no motherly love
he felt contempted owith a piece of their its more like realising you alwayts were one
how will knowledge will come from experience alone
archetypes come from somewhere
they are not abstract yshit
evolution evolutions with body ourr minds
why the fuck do you care so much how something is written
w53674
.
domanime rush kicks in before youdo something that you know its going to be exciting
if you do that and its exciting then youll be reinforcing the habit of doing that thing which you prior did before 
taking the habits is a risk no one would want to take. what if you arent worthy. what if you lose faith. what if you dont believe in everything thewy believe. why if you believe differently.
catolicism is magic not true thats why it will disappearThis totally could be a way in which i improve mymyse;f.
one should be looking at ones keynoard not at ones screen
t botheres me about writing that it occupies your sight.
what if you could speak everything.
you have a funciton your fuunction is your form
i cant ckeep straight because i dont know how to
i stay straight right before forgetting and then im back down
he was looking at self improvement stuff
content like that will make you good
dont think properly
why arenjty you feeelinjg exvciting eeach night vefoer you go to bed about the next morning
right after smoking, one expects it to kick in. tghen it wonders wihen  will be the thime that you get to smoke again. then you think of smoking some more fbofre the puff seems it aint doing nothing.
what about screens
i dont want to look at them
i dont want to do the work of a man who stares at a screemn
there is work
there is work to be done
should you write more than one hour before getting to your duties? one of your duties is working out
another one of your duties is acomplishing that which you are compromised yourself with
come le donne
i realised i was feminine
i was expectiong others to approach me
if you are succesful that makes you a king
if you arenot that makes you a creep
mysterious can go both ways
myseteriosly creepy or mysteriously wholsome
i would be with people so naive
i shoiudld be more with my body
it is my duty to work out and it is not a duty to smoke yet you smoke more than what you work out
youd like to be sopeaking while you work out
maybe voice will be distorted
then youll spend your life subtitulizing your own podcast
your own work generates more work
you need more pictures
you need more things to do
only a life with purpose
 with drive your life forward
and makes you excited about the next day
there is a version to be xfixed
and that is the first one
you need to fix your first version order to achieve a much wiser order
empathy can work out many thing
i like her she is good and has a nice heart
but is also intense not self aware and talkative
she also has states of minds
and is too tight
no alcohol no weed
i dont like someone for their vices or drug consumption, but it stucks me as someon who hasnt yet lived much fo the earlier experiences i had that made me much less naive and loose with life
things dont happen the way you expect them to happen
me gustaria que no me dijeras lo que tengo que hacer para que de esa forma no se me fueran las ganas de hacerlo
ojala pudiera hacer las cosas sin ganas
hay que domar al espiritu
tame it
Spirit, the wild horse
its a hose, its name is spirit
but its an analogy of the spirit
the free spirit aint exactly freedoer
we are freedoers if we have free will
i replace catholicism with calisthenics
who cares about whats on paper
you wrote what you could
you decided what was most important
google knows me
about what i dont know
i cant paint a picture
if you talk to me you give me input
if i talk to you i have none
you have to go to a conversation willingly to talk
to say things
even without thinking
Work not on self esteem but self worth
A method for the phone to be in the right position without you having to raise your hands to write
A limiter and a compressor
A limiter and a utility on each channel
Why do you write
Why do you look so stupid when you're not relaxing
I want no team behind me
I just want to do this specific thing
cero is everything
the sum of 1 and 1 is also cero
everything equates to cero every value is cero
its nothing and its totality
Este es el sticker for you Why are you f****** Stupid Don't delete my Things speaking speaking Why am I speaking Just living for the losers Just Leave it for the losers discord Discovery home and Parker Parker Delivery Hey packing Machine 20 facustin empaquetecnia fakiu fakiu fakiu fakiu 
.
So many people suicidal
Typing cuts an emotion because keyboards never write what you want then to write with shortcuts.
It's not valuable the
The drums stuck in my mind
I listened to it many times today since I exported. I wanted to know what others would listen. 
The structure of it
is not great. 
Not good but not great. 
Acidity I have it. 
Too much sugar 
before bed.
Poetry is as abstract as it is period
Es un experimento con ruido.
Some of you are so loving
Some so lower 
.
what interests me is computer science
computer science and occultism
many alchemyssts mut have l34rned how to code
its not about the perfect type
you can hold things together
or generate new things
thje dopamine rush comes as well from knowing new things, and that way you go forward
whoever wants to stay will stay 
whoever wants to go will go 
ill be mtyself whenever i go whetner i realise it or not
its not about the  perfect typing 
you can alwayys edit this
it does njot matter
they are characters on  a screen
But the mundane should be in order
i need more muscles of the groupp 
how can anyone notice that
how am i not covered here
why is it that i cant meditate covbered by this treees
why is it that is so strange
who was buddha when he was not meditating
common men that did great thing
peasants that came out really far
temperaments
its all about that
what carries forwards or backwards you
it gives you a dopamine rush to change the car
why dont i live the spider on my leg
you see scary things you think they mean wrong
con este calor quizas haga falta regarlas todos los dias
estoy arrancando el dia, no terminandolo
asi que deberia habrir los aojos y meditar conmn los ojos abiertos
que eso tambien se pujede
y la columna derecha
el pasto pincha
los ojos bien abierto
s
sometimes im with my eyes almost closed the entire day
we search for dreams we are trying to solve
drunk till blackout is not going to solve it
sending your brain into witness protection
tomwaitss way of describing blackouts
que no me vengan a romper las pelotas
siempre me esta salvando el culo
el me dice las cosas
buddha era hijo de reyes
jesus era hijo de un carpintero
humilde carpintero
el otro un rey
the natural conforms
its a relief to see not everything was painted bythe media
its time we all speak up against the system
the media lies
the people kissing his feet was too much
that is too much
he is the king
the more i train the more and more things i can ddo
i can get jacked
i have recieved many comments about my appearence
i do not want these egot rips
but im a desirable man, i can tell from their reactions
its not a belief but an observation
i shy away just to listen to this
im not used to commpliments or people having these good reactions and feel attracted to me in the sense that they actually come near me
.
Hacer por sumar y no por no restar
.
You can either laugh or scare.
You scare people.
How much more beautiful is it with the breaks
You could both laugh and cry
It's momentum that's written
All significative points are not important
Some things are more or less significant
.
People say things all the time
instead of being witty and occurrent you instead could be helpful and carry someone elses polint throuigh
before you shred someone, you carry their points through
alcohol makes you believe your lack of worth
weed to
sober you just dont believe it
you are strong enough to handle more
INTP for sure
not so many of those
i recognised in him much of me
what type of person is the one analyzing those types of things
Its the game called breaks
Lets see how things sound
im an introvert with a resting bitch face thats stoned too much around people
we were too stoned to hang out with anyone
there is a mindset and a mindset
takes what serves
discard what doesnt serve
are we from there
do i have the eyes of grandma norma
there is too much to weite
to little to say
its a much more effort for me to speak than to write
i think it has to do with the position im in
i get motivationf riom the simplest act and they call me stupid
i have to transcript
i have to scan
SIEMPRE PEDIA QUE ME PASEN LSO TEMAS
siempre pedia que me pasen los temas
nunca sabia que habia que estudiar
si estudiaba como todos decian y me iba bien como todos decian por que me sentia confundido y que no entendia nada y que estaba haciendo cualquier cosa
how easily was everyone fooled
si decis cualquier boludez tampoco vaa
la idea es poder escribir mirando a otro lado
por que me derul,a placentero centarme con el cuello apollado
is that my cvuello apoyado where my neck 
maybe my neck stretches
o 
p=potato
you build up the tension then the punchline
its fine that you want no one to bother you while you think on how to move on the things you have to solve
like order in the ouse and gardening and the kittens
you are not sufficiently improtant to me
ive assessed the situation and i leave
the psychopath makes everything to feel good back again, if he needs to go and break up with the unloving girlfriend he goes and does that 
on drums guidos practice
with no love he sent the last version
he cannot play drums
why would he do that