Long term disregulation of the nervous system. Trauma. Physiological. Not psychological. 


Genesis chapter 10. 


Hebrew culture. 


70 (all) sons of Gods. 


Past lives but the images aren’t exactly real. 


Feasts. 


Law moun saina. 


Eron and moses. 


Second power.
Trinity: spirit; padre; hijo. 


Demonic. 


Representing all the gods of the nations. 


Behold the lamb of God. 


7 day feast. Starts in 14-1.


Bull:
-El
-Kronos (greek): horned one. 


Delivering from the other Gods. The God. 


Derek Gilbert. 
Name.


Psychological stressor // strong mind can overcome them. 


Open, philosophical mind. 


Physical strength. 
Mental strength. 
Building strenght.
Memory: muscular or resilience. 


Eye sight. 


What’s added is knowledge. 


Knowledge comes from experience. Chaos into order. 


The last few reps are the highest chaos. Order comes with protein. 


Psychological weights. 


If we have our own “why” of life  we shall get along with almost any how. 
Nietzsche. Twilight of the idols. 


Dostoievsky: the brothers karamazov. 
Title. 


Reading literature strengthens your mind. 


The plot thickens. 


Your gift and your curse. 


Fullfilling a prophecy. 


The great eternal knowledge. 


We come to earth to know evil and do good. 


Biggest burden. 


Self reflected divinity. 


They make you forget. Ignore. Self knowledge, the only way to be wise. 


Self knowledge. 


The illuminator of knowledge. 


Sethians. 


The illuminator goes into darkness. 


Powerfull archetypes. 


The illuminator is inside us. 
Lucifer. 


We are light because we fight the darkness of ignorance. 


Hyperians. 


Error/deception. 


Wrong interpretation of the illuminator act. 


Jesus backwards -> catholicism (false mythos).


The illuminator is for you to understand things. 


Repentance. 


When I say I am, I’m and worship. Meaning “I understand”. 


Toxic mainstream religion. False knowledge. 


12 different kingdoms (fake). 
13th truth. 


Hay libros importantes (Kybalion).


Internalizing archetypes. 


Make the world shine with understanding. 


The fronts of the fight are all there (morgue being one of them). 


The true God, our own divinity. 


Divinity within is the one god we can know. 
Divinity without is the one conjecture we can make from our senses to make unity and sense of it all. 


The water of life. 


I don’t care about my name. I am death. Morte. 


Baptism? Being reborn. 


We all have the potential of being the illuminator, revealer and spreader of information. 


Illuminations are rare. Hyperianism is about creating a legion of illuminators. 


Choose your sources. 


Apocalypse, greath death, greath revelation. Spreading knowledge. Planting seeds. 


Nothing is more powerful than an idea who’s time has come. 
Morgue. 


Lucifer, estrella de la mañana. 


I grew up knowing the lucifer’s myth. The one who rebelled against God and was forever doomed. But free and independent. 
Lucifer is just an incarnation of ourselves in the period of life we choose to go our own way, believing we know better. Then it’s time to descent, before we can go back to the heavens. 


Concentrico/excentrico.


Hipertrofia. 


Intencionalidad en las imagenes. 
Composicion. 


Armonia-Equilibrio.
No faltan ni sobran elementos. 


Pares formales. 
Los pares formales dan cero. 
Uno es positivo y el otro es su equivalente negativo. 
Lo que equivale da cero. 
Cero es la diferencia. 


17-11-13
Accion, robotico, fantasia, tecnologico, futurista, akira tecno, trash neon, moto, cyberpunk, luces. 
Mezcla de alegre con triste; con triste no; melancolico; movimiento; energico. 


Vicky the dark soul. 


Goosebumps (escalofrios-ver cap); misterio. 


Descubrir revelacion. 


Cordoviaje. 
Dark, bien emo, la vida es una mierda, tragedias, escena final de pelicula intensa como si el chabon hubiera recorrido una gran distancia y estuviera por llegar. 
Distancia literal, alcanzar metas. 


Characters when confronted can:
lie (knowing they know or thinking they don’t know).
tell the truth (expecting a reaction). 


Extreme tension when objects are in the corners of the frame. 


End scene in extreme tension. 


Eerie music. 


Long blue sea. 


TV  on mid night. 


Dark, eerie, ethereal, tense. 


Things come in from out of frame (suspense). People get hit. 
Man throw a mug out of the frame.


Characters see things we don’t. 
Things that aren’t on screen. 


Lux.
Fuego eterno. Constante, ininterrumpido. 


A man at the frontier. 


You don’t get to lose it right now. 


I won’’t be able to protect him. 


Come on! 


All I need you to do is stand up. 


Eternal sunshine. 


“You figured it out” referrs to Infinity. 


Cinema perfect place for manipulation. 


Every idea is a trigger for a conceptual universe. 


Every line belongs to its own universe.


Escribir sin revision. 
Lo unico que consigo escuchar, por fuera de mi propia consciencia, es el viento azotarse contra las ventanas y el mar contra las maderas del barco. Nadie me mando a estar aca, pero no recuerdo tampoco haber decidido venir. Todo lo que escucho a lo largo del dia son quejas. Para problemas inventados no hay solucion posible a menos que sea magica. Pero la magia no surte ya ningun efecto. He decidido entonces flotar. Que el mar me devuelva a la orilla. Hinchado y lleno de agua, si ese es su deseo. 


Magia sin efecto no es magia. 
Magia sin causa tampoco es magia.


“El portal del artista” donde uno es dueño multimedia (privado).
Audio/video/fotografia. 
Elige que publicar y donde. 


Free-style journalism. 
Journalism always was freestyle, to be fair. 


Escribo sobre las cosas que debo/quiero recordar. 
Recordar muchas veces tiene el fin de sanar, otras de enfermar. 
Escribo un cuento corto para no pensar en mi. Pero no puedo evitar que sea lo unico en lo que pienso, y lo unico que escribo, pues todo lo que hay en mi soy yo.


Pa japon. 
Lyrics. 
Chivirika. 


Like in every horror movie. 
We choose to keep trusting people. 


Do you know about phrogging?


Apoyo la birome en el papel. Quiero ver que pasa. A veces no pasa nada. 
A veces necesito empezar a escribir cualquier cosa para desatar mi poder creativo. A veces lo que sale de mi mano es un dibujo. A veces un escrito. 


Ella fue la estupida que cayo en sus cuentos. No yo. 


Como ven otros el mundo. 
Mas fuerte hablan los que estan mas descontentos. 


Script = guion = secuencia de sentencias. 


My only problem is you. 


Definir funcion antes de evocar la funcion. 


Tengo un tema con la verdad.
Tengo un problema con decir la verdad.


Manipulative is not telling the truth in order to make things work the way you intended. 
Manipulative is not bad. Bad is if there are other more straight ways. 


Estatizar. Como les gusta estatizar. 
Estatizar es congelar en el tiempo lo que podria avanzar. 


Why drive what’s not mine. 


El arte de la injuria. 


A derecho. 


Que no haya paz;
eso es lo que quiere logarr. 
Estatizar. Polarizar. 


Te destraban la cabeza. 


El color del aura. 


Veo la energia de las plantas. 


Ritual del cacao. Una planta. 


Mirar a los ojos al pasar. 


Kundalini/tambores. 


Hongos. 


Jengibre. 


Turkey tale. 


Cosmos/ver. 


Donde pongo la atencion. 
Donde pongo el ojo la bala. 


Samsara. 


Salmon. 
Aussie. 


Descubrir quien es quien. 
No hay amigos y enemigos. Estamos solos. 


Henry momma. 


“Mira que pulso tengo” le decia a auroria y hacia un circulo perfecto en la pizarra. 


I love everything.


Hay siervos de la vida. 


Hay que pensar lo de abajo con lo de arriba y convertir asi lo de abajo en lo de arriba. Lo de arriba en lo de abajo. Lower chakra becomes higher chakra, higher chackra is a continuation of the lowest. 


Cabala mistica.


Simbolos. 
Materializan lo abstracto. 


Hod -> rafael/hermes/mercurio.
Simbolos de una fuerza particular. 


Los simbolos estan ahi para ser evocados.  
Propias creaciones. 
Efecto real. 


Arbol de la vida describe cualidades de la vida. 


Cruz circular. 


Los cuatro elementos (aspectos del mundo). 
Analogos de cualidades espirituales. 
Tierra
Solidos
Auriel
Tauro
Escudo
Accion
Agua
Liquidos
Gabriel
Scorpio
Copa
Formacion
Aire
Gaseosos
Rafael
Acuario
Espada
Creacion
Fuego
Radiaciones
Miguel
Leo
Lanza 
Emanacion


Cabala mistica.
Circulo magico. 


Las cuatro armas
Lanza/luz/fuego/tiferet (cristo y otros dioses solares). 
Espada: razon/viento/aire. 
Copa: molde para luz astral/gabriel/yesod/plata/agua.
Escudo: protector/tierra/auriel/crecimiento y fertilidad. 


Inteligencia interna asume moldes.
Simbolos son moldes. 


Interpretando conductas ajenas.


Utilizacion del estado con fines partidarios. 


Estamos en piso. 


Los simbolos seran efectivos solo si se medita sobre ellos. 


Cuando las cosas no significan, la solucion es meditar.
Relacionar: simbolos exteriores con cualidades internas. 


Esqueleto (molde)/significado (medula).


La magia tiene consideraciones astrologicas. 


Volver a malkuth con 10 golpes. Desconecta a uno del trance. 


Numeros > 4 > Chesed. 


Geburah > Rojo (colores/pentagono). 


There is a mystical judaism and a philosophical judaism. 
In philosophical judaism there is no place for heroism. 


“A father’s story”.
Lionel Dahmer.
book


Compulsive feelings of violence.
Powerful urges.


“Doing what I wanted with him”. 
Hatred or horror in infancy. 


Lobotomite loveslaves. 
  
Los nombres del poder. 
Centros psiquicos = chakras. 
Correspondencia fisica/glandulas endocrinas. 


Vibracion es poder del sonido. 


Simbolo ⇔ concept. 
(nombres de poder son). 


La pronunciacion de Yesod denota Las propiedades de su concepto. 
Sonidos-simbolos. 


Luz astral -> Yesod (luna/alma), 
Sustancia de la imagen subconsciente. 


A la pronunciacion del nombre de cada esfera le corresponde un tono (esta encerrado en el propio sonido). 


Intensidad concentrada. 
Lentitud/visualizacion/concentracion.
Lo que importa.


Ritual de confinamiento. 


Cabala.
Como le digo a mi mujer que ya yo la quiero mas. 
Squidgame analogia comunismo. 
“Entre nosotros somos todos iguales: solo hay rangos”. 
 
Kether 
Daath
Tiferet
Yesod
Malkuth
Chakra


Longer.
Frequently. 
Deeply.


Instruction: sequence of controlled excercises to build a skill through repetition. 


Practice. 
Memorization. 


Complex does not equel simple. 


Reading/writing/spotting differences/attention to detail(good/bad).


Copy code samples.


Details are key elements.


Focus on what you are doing as you are doing it. 


Mistakes are done by all. 


Copy, don’t copy paste. 


Hands
Brain
Mind
--
Read
Write
See 
(code).


Repetitive practice. 


Self-discipline is to do what’s boring as if you were willing. 


Keep at it. Even if you want to quit force yourself. 


Skip what you don’t get. 


Brain snap. 


overcome the confusing.


Write. 
Run.
Fix.
Repeat. 


24/48hs breakdown. 


Lose complete touch with reality (threshold). 
Meditation. 


Lack of sensory isolation. 


They put the fear of the paranormal. 


Brainwashing, indoctrination. 


Totally disoriented in time and space, thought process. 


Thoughts go round and round and round. 


Isolation may be used as a weapon. 


Anyone can be breaking down. 


> 48hs, irreparable damage. 


“terminal type” experience. 


“Conditioning with baby.”
“I think that cybernetics is the biggest bite out of the fruit of the tree of knowledge that mankind has taken in the last 2000 years”.


Behaviour modification, mind control. 


Is man programmable? Like a machine?.


Sing like a blue bird. 


Psychological warfare. 


Countering enemy propaganda. Proposing domestic propaganda. 


Oss - Multidisciplinary approach. 
Biologica. 
Social.
Physical mathematical.


Nos enseñan en las reglas que aplican al lenguaje, las reglas que quieren que apliquemos nosotros. Nos enseán las palabras y las reglas logicas de la consonancia domestica. 


Hypnosis/Reflexes}The way to program. 


Warraw macalah/ second order cybernetics.


Penfield uba. 


Desire makes slaves out of kings, and patience makes kings out of slaves. 


Focus on the circle. 


En mi sueño de anoche le explicaba a guido que la interseccion entre el eje X y el eje Y se repetia por cada punto. 


Implanted hypnotic suggestion. 


Deeper and deeper into the dream. 


Neurosis. 


Psychotic emotional storms. 


Hypnothised couriers (consciously).


Howard liddel > artificial neurosis. 
Pavlov. 


Hunger can be exploited. 


Psychosomatic medicine. 


Teleology. 


Around the feedback loop. 


Firing data constantly. 


Insiders. 


Muscle contractions or inhibitions. 
Story of lumiere and the train. 


Cybernetics. Control and communication in the animal and the machine/weiner. 


Brain;
computer
//
Inputs and outputs 
}Uba.


Norbert weiner // Russel (bertrand).


Game theory. 


Mathematic/the one universal knowledge. 


Drugs unbreak you. 


They make us watch. 


> Input 
(core)
 > output


Feedback system. 


Que es la democracia?


On and off, it either goes or stops. 


A logical calculus of the ideas immanent and nervous activity. 


Neurons can be modeled with PC.


Cns e. Machine.
Digital computer, artificial brain.


Egypt, messopothamians. 


After priest classes (enemies).
philosophers.


Secret societies. 


Find the facts in themselves. 


Logic and mathematics. 


Social media is conscious, voluntary, input/output.


Post-stalin. 


Removing processes by teaching you words. 


Symbolic exchange of information. 
Language. 
Communication. 


Brain and tree of life. 


Mind sensitivity to light and touch. 


Alpha waves. 


Flickering lights. 


Brainwave interpretation. 


She sent repressed, troubled sexual energy. 


Mental higiene. 


Deep darkest corners of the human mind. 


Edmund kemper, his urges to kill overwhelmed his intellectual mind. 


What troubles is “how can you know” what teaches. 


Solo necesitamos aprender a aprender. 
Necesitamos saber que es lo que enseña.


The genius is in all of us. 


If you can say it, you are capable of understanding it. 


I completely ignored that I was smart. 


Genius thrives in motivation and confidence. 


Geniuses. 
More gray matter > computing/processing information (attention, memory, language, perception, interpretations).


Active white matter (increased brain region connectivity).


Can experience superstimulability be overwhelming and tiring. 


Different geniuses, different traits. 


Intense need for mental stimulation and engagement.
Ability to learn new topics quickly. 
Ability to process new and complex info rapidly. 
Desire to explore specific topics in great depth. 
Insatiable curiosity (many questions).
Learning educational material levels ahead. 
Emotional depth and sensitivity. 
Excitement about unique topics or interests. 
A mature/unique sense of humour.
Imaginative an able to discover creative solutions to problems. 
Quick learner.
More aware than other kids of self, social situations and global issues. 
geniuses


Genius is the natural state of any human being. 


Life is a race against daementia. 


I had to learn about corruption (of spirit). 


Woke by them punches. Karma the retrigger. 


Clutered livng areas.
Fluency in taboo or “swear” words. 
Night owl, early mornings.
alone time. 
Excellent memory. 


I can like many since we are individual. I understand uniqueness. 


Unify laws of nature. 


Genius = 
curious.
focus.
work.


Ser consciente de la propia ignorancia es ser consciente de la infinita posibilidad. 


World citizenship. 


Beyond ignorance there is knowledge. 
Beyond fear, love. 


The gold of mental health. Creating a healthy society.


Unesco//Huxley. They want illusory peace. They attack the mind. 


No detectable difference. 


What kind of a machine are we. 


War does not stop. I live in pause, the eternal moment. Even if I’m doing something. Time stops.


My image of you. 


Theoretical power.


News of difference. My mind designed to recognise. 


My//biend.


Mind/contained in natural matrix. 


The matrix is natural?


Estas charlas berretas me aburren porque solo sirven para la otra persona (bardos, planteos estupidos). 


No one will ever know to what each line is referring to.


Lo que curo a Jesus curo a la madre. 


Jesus hijo integro al padre y se convirtio en Dios. 


Embedded in a matrix. 


Thrive in anger. 


Chucho. 


Technical loop.


Command/data trasnfer. 


Interconnected society. 


I think about what I’m impressed with. 


Control has to be built into your system. 


Pude haber sido un genio a temprana edad pero no me dejaban pensar. 


“Who knows?” is the question. 


Feedback into the mental loop. 


Second signal inputs. 


“The defenses of peace must be constructed” (in the human minds).


1:29
Second order cybernitian. 


Artificial matrix inevitable. 


Ellos saben lo que hicieron y saben de lo que podriamos enterarnos. 


Men is programmed and reprogrammed. 


Cada vez que cometo un error peco de ingenuidad. 


Ouroboros: reiterance. 


Evil is powerful because it gives the illusion of freedom. Use that to your advantage, since evil claims no victims, it’s just you. 


Mind maleable/not controlled/perception. 


Hay una parte espiritual y una parte politica. 


Concentration of power/slight hope. 


“It had to be done”. 


The brain is a root and a tree. 


Machllah Roman (?).


A circuit can think.


1:38. 
“We are, I believe, involved in present at what I can only call a third world war.
Man’s struggle to save his personality from destruction by technology is something more than a substitute for war. It is a form of war itself”. 
Arnold J. Toynbee. 


Escribiendo se van abriendo paso nuevas ideas, nuevas palabras, pensamientos mas complejos y completos. 


Tener una “memoria excelente” es una apreciacion personal subjetiva. Con la misma memoria pase de decir “no me acuerdo de nada” a “me acuerdo de todo”. 


Inculcation of knowledge. 


Control of human growth. 


Models of things we do not have access to. 


Stimulus determinant of behaviours. 


I went chasing perversion to see what it was. 


Hypnotic phenomena. 


Frog’s brain. 


Transistorised. 


Shock put humans in their place. 


Pleasure squads. 


Outer sensoty cortex. 


Pleasure center of the brain. 


Pituitary gland. 


Trigger self satisfaction centre. 


Knowledge is constant (healthy) self satisfaction.
It heals.


Knowledge-evil. Parts from mystery and sets you free. 
Knowledge is karmic. 
Evil is no karmic. 


Mind altering surgeries.


Psychologically stressed are targets. 


LSD/Mezcalin.


Studies in schizofrenia. 


Si no puedo percibir el tiempo, no puedo confiar en mis memories ni en mis creencias. 


Break will power. 


Septal region. 


It gives you a new personality. 


Mitigate pain, aroused. The sexy button. 


Breaking out is disgusting. Being born again is disgusting. 


The control won’t stay in the patient’s mind. 


Control and mind are replaceable terms. 


Living organisms are controlled. 


Cold and fear conditioned. 


A nation that tolerates violence. 


Psychiatrists > experimental procedure. 


Ethical. 


No me interesa por que, me interesa como.


Delgado, Jose. 


Whose neglects learning in this youth loses the past and is dead for the future. 


Repetition. 


“He wished he was a girl”.
“Marry the therapist”.


Blank minds. 


Uncontrolable rage. 


OImplanted electrode. 


Electricity is stronger than my will. 


Nervous and mental disease (?). 


Erradicate human violence. 


Evelyn heinrich: “my husband was a human experiment”.


Moral values are social, not scientific concerns. 


Socially caused, effective. 


Taking a stand publicly. 


Walter freeman. 50.000 people. 


O, J, Andy (mississipy university). 


Know more than they do. 


Mental illness is magic thought. 


Riot leaders > brain disfunction. 


Neuro-research foundation.


“All power to the people”.


We are living the societal subversion of power.


Ghettos. Heroes. Senseless behaviour.
Leaders. Make political sense. 


Repressed communities have ill leaders. 


“Poor people, black people, encarcerated”.


Mark
Sweet
Erving. 


We only bring the good towards the light. 


Inaction is a slow death. 


I like that quote when I too know the truth. 


Fix with psychosurgery. 


Violence as an illness (gov.).


Minds are controlled through environment. 


Body malfunction. 


Politized violence. 


“Causes and prevention of violence”.


The psycho-biology of violence. 


Violence and the brain. 


Thomas R. 


Vernon mark and frank ervi (violence and the brain).


Lymbic brain. 


No agression with no paranoia.


Passivity. Obedience is key. 


I see the environment/I create my own reality. 


They turned my son into a vegetable. 


Psychotropic drugs. 


“The terminal man” (1974).
Movie by Mike Hodges. 


“The terminal mind” (2008).
Book by David Walton.


He was in terror. 


“Kyle told Dr Bregging his IQ had increased 100 percent since the operation. He also told him about a conspiracy”.
“They are taking geniuses and hooking them up to IBM machines”, said Kyle.
South Park.
https://www.southpark.lat/en/video-clips/f5nd4l/south-park-thanks
I don’t think this is it. It doesn’t entirely sound like it is. 


Write googling and investigating as you go to make it more slow paced, more enjoyable, not work as robotic as you imagine it to be. I don’t want the suffering that is not necessary. 


Degeneration of civilized society. 


Feedback mechanism.


Science gives you better thoughts to see reality with. 


We Callyus Information them propaganda. 


Ignorance is a big part of the hoax. 


Es posterior a la caida del capitalismo, la miseria del capitalismo.


After watching this I’m going to die like times (many) before. 


Output signal is itself a signal. Output = A + B.


Audio is vectorizable. 


Playing sounds is really cheap. 
Not resource problems. Not cpu costs. Cheap. Bordering on free.


Lowering sounds that are less importants. 


Never paranoid, always turning to death. 


“The psychocivilized society”.


Sound sources. 


Consciousness and virtue. 


fuck only myself. 


Dissociation/hypnosis.


Jack ruby.
Charles Manson. 
Pathy. 


Hallucinations (Jolyon West). 


Lobotomy. 


The conscience of psychiatric/bregging. 


AparenteXobvio. 


Violence life-threatening. 


Automatic learning is possible polithical philosophers. 


6db half or double volume. 


float dBToVolume(float dB)
{
        return powf(10.0f, 0.05f * dB)
}
float VolumeTodB (float volume)
{
        return 20.f * log10f(volume);
}


Not important, not individual.


Society/individuals.


I get all excited not knowing what I’m going to write today. 
That’s where the excitement comes. 


Days go slower and slower. 


I’m an addict and a writer and a hard worker in that which is my duty. 
If it’s not my duty, I don’t want it. 


You learn to want better things and that is not nothing new.


EEG Brainwaves. 


Brainwash is to alter mind’s capcity. 


Remain human. 


The mand has energy.


Nunca voy a saber para que meditar 
(update: para ganar insights).


What’s driving Delgado (psychocivilized society).


How to create peace in the minds of men. 


Peace is something you create. 


Transforming reality into fiction (totalitarianism).


Lo que paso fue que se cayo el relato. 
El autoritarismo se acaba cuando la magia se acaba. El poder de los lideres se acaba cuando dejamos de creer en ellos. 


Nunca se hablaba de credibilidad en este pais. 


The power of the powerless. 


They are the cauce of the river. That’s why you resent them so much. They tricked you into your traps. But is for yourself that you don’t succumb to those feelings and attitudes. You want love, just for yourself. Because no one has the right to break your created peace. 


Las peores crisis de mi vida. 


Drive it out of our own soul. 


Vaclav Mavel.


Let their rule hold, not through he. 


Living within the truth. 


Cultural reawakening. 


Never, knowingly, support lies. 


Everything that happens happens knowingly.


This system is by it’s nature, weak. 


They prosecute artists.


Enemies of truth. 


The emperor, naked. 


Truth/Freedom x Lie/Authority.


I sneeze a lot. 


The naked emperor. 


IT.
One print function
x
y
z
print (x, y, z)


Do what you consider to be the best choice. 


We get deeper insights as we go. 


We relive our past lives to find more mature meanings to those same images that used to haunt you. 


There is no way to you can know everything. But even more, there is no way you can’t know everything.


I’m a genius just because of what I have found. It is not nature, not nurture. It is knowledge, the product of both. 


Los operadores operan sobre los operandos, que son los contenidos de la variables. 


“Think everything as if” to play with reality, you soon will start to hate it. 


An ever updating software created for my needs, by myself (14All). 


You only can hold many many things in your mind at the same time. 


Yo creia, desde afuera, que todo el mundo sabia como en realidad era. Pero cuando me pregunte si yo sabia como era empezo el viaje. Que vertigo. 


Asy y todo crei que no le creia a nadie. 
Belief is complex. 


El viaje empezo. 


Cada vez que me daba cuenta de algo nuevo o revisaba un recuerdo, vertigo. 
Lo que es una pesadilla es que en ningun momento vos dejas de ser vos mismo. 


“Como era yo en otras epocas de mi vida”.


Y si hago esto, en exceso, que pasa? 


No importa la cualidad de lo que pensamos. Nos distraen tanto que no podemos escuchar que es lo que vamos razonando al recapitular.
En vez, buscamos revivir impresiones. 


La reexperiencia. 


como puedo estar tan ido para no darme cuenta cuando un pensamiento llego incompleto (algo interrupia).


Las experiencias se gastan en el momento presente. Todo es novedad. 


Desconexion con la naturaleza. 


Para saber si puedo pensar mas lento, escribir mas lento y leer, en voz mental, cada palabra que escribo. A veces no puedo. Siento que no puedo. 


Life is a struggle. 


Una vida contra otra. 


Tengo que preguntarme que lenguaje es lo que estoy pensando, para no mezclar los momentos. 


Cada vez que quiero puedo ponerme a recordar. 


Yo a saddam le hice ver muchas cosas. Lo traume. 


Le quieren hacer ver, los traumantes. 


Las mujeres contemplan todas, los varones contemplan la que creen es la mejor. 


Las mujeres le dan mucho mas vueltas al asunto. 


Andar de novio fue, para mi, una tortura. 


Open all the doors of your mind. 


Thanks maria jihuana. 


Cuando rio, interrumpo mis pensamientos. No puedo evitarlo. Si la risa es sincera, por supuesto. 


Mi vieja  me dice malo (con las connotaciones que tiene).


I’m at peace for being able to dismiss everyone from their responsabilities over me.


Crei que cada nueva realizacion se hacia parte mia.


La naturaleza de la sabiduria. 


Es solo recordando que te traumas. 


Aprender la naturaleza de la sabiduria. 
La sabiduria sale de la memoria. 


Una interfaz para laburar google docs (.py).


A veces pareciera que el plan de la humanidad es despertarse. 


Ignoro rogando no volver a toparme con algo asi. 


los mismos tipos de sensaciones, disparan el trauma. 


Uno agrupa significaciones. O bajo las mismas significaciones, agrupa, cosas diferentes. De diferentes naturalezas, como sensaciones y conclusiones. 
Sensaciones y opiniones. 


“No se por que lo hice”.


La sabiduria no es parte mia, es parte del mundo. 


Aprendo python porque quiero hacer magia. 


Hay que descartar lo que no sirve. Pero con el cuerpo no podes hacer eso. 


“No servis” te dicen, cuando critican tus formas o tu cuerpo. 
El tema es que no viniste aca a servir a nadie. Los siervos sirven. 


She pico. 


Wisdom is not you. It is all but you. You aren’t what you know. You are all but what you know. Wisdom is what you acquire. In the realm of becoming, becomes being. 


Self and knowledge are two poles. 


It’s just I and the verb. Just I and the word. 


No se como escribir mas rapido o mas lento, sino, pensar. 


Para la escritura y su forma de escribir, no hay reglas. Yo no me detengo en una linea mia. La detienen los demas. 


We play pretend and twe don’t know it. Unaware of it, we play pretend. 


Left handed person. 


Best way to write? I’ll program it. 


Base class, child class (inheritance).


The philosopher’s stone is a tool. 


Parent classes. 


It all applies to the logos. 


Circular inheritance. 


Cuando no aprendia era porque no queria. 


Misspelling. 


Hope: tener inspiracion para pensar en el futuro. 


Exceptions. 


Recien estaba en Italia; por la alergia que tengo me fui con Francesca. 


Filosofia, velocidad, audiolibro, viaje gchu. 


Look idles. 


System path/directory. 


Escribo como si se lo ontara a un amigo. Ese amigo soy yo. 


Tenia que amigarme conmigo mismo. 


Working diretories. 


Cosas catendo parecen risas. 


Two lines. 


You have to look to understand. 


Gente obsesiva por el control hay en todos lados, menos en el liberalismo. 


Tantra/cabbalah.


Voy a escribir como mas se me canten las pelotas. 


Podes falsificar el pulso. 


Me agarraste. Probando probando. 


World subversion. 


Habrá daño hasta que deje de creer que hubo.


Words carry power//speaking writing. 


Geomatria. 


Power of each number. 


Word/letters. 


Transmission of energy. 


Create new energy (sinergy). 


Hebrew (language of metaphor((force of creation))/first languge. 


Hebrew as te name with powers. 


The bliss. 


Names are channeling energy. 


Hollow words/heartful words. 


Heartfull words transmit emotion.


Energy (meaning, harnessed and channelled) and containers (words).


Intelligent people are careful with what they say. (Callar).


Saber.
Osar.
Querer.
Callar. 


Shapeless energy (white light). 


Express the unexpressable. 


Shapeless energy (white light).


Express the unexpressable. 


Words that resonate. 


Bridge to people. 


Communicate through songs. 


The science behind language. 


Sinergy of several letters: words. 


Communicate beyond language. 


You combine them in a particular order. 


Bridges build structures. 


Sinergy (more of the sums of the parts).


Books create volumes. 


Para cuando termino de escribir la oracion ya estoy pensando en otra cosa y termino escribiendo cualquier cosa. 


Me gustaria escribir a la velocidad en la que hablo en mi mente. 


Letters have a shape. 
The letter shapes the energy.


The letter contains the energy in its shape in the written word, is waveform in the spoken word. 


A mi me gusta pensar (don’t let thoughts ruin it).


Numerology. 


Programming is a tool for myself. 


I understand people I share my philosophy with. 


22 transmissions (shape, meaning, number).


I didn’t know how to read (comprehension).


Every word has gematria. 


         Letters are counted until 22. 


Complex configurations and permutability. 


1 Gematria unveils relationships between words. 


Is hebrew the first language?


Within wine,, secret out. The inner dimension. 


Words share the power of a secret. 


Connections, then numbers, not the other way around. 


Kabbhalists and mystics.


The name I was given. 


The prophecy: naming your child. 


You can exist without name. 


A name touches the core. 


Learn the name of things. 


A tool for writers.


Number 18. 


Number 1, God.
Number 2, diversity. 
Number 3, harmony (mediator/bridge).


The three patriarchs. 


10 is the complete numbers. 


7 (days of the week).


70=10+10+50
70=60+6+4
two configurations


Mind and heart in every decision. 


Responsible way of looking at the world. 


Truth is sacred. 


Gematria is support for the bigger picture. 


They too have that power. 


Live up to your name. 


Parts of our souls that we have no access to. 


God/Dios. 


Mother of all life.


No soy el conejo en la galera, soy la galera. 


The power of what (wise has). 


Real essence of the human being is a what. The wonder of existence. 


Examples. 


Everything is multi-layered. 


How far down the rabbit hole can you go. 


It is the happy feeling that causes the smile. 


I won’t smile just because. 


Como le pego a la paleta. 


170, 80, 45, whatever combination there are. 


The nature. 


Overpopulation will be a problem to power. 


The holy books. 


I bring peace. 


I live up to my name. 


Bring up revelation. Use it on your own interest. 


The artist of an art. 


A writer’s tool to recapitulate. 


Eat my cake. 


God is beyond nature. 


God is nature but nature is not God. 


Fundamental principle. We are not God, but God is part of us. 


13 divine attributes. 


Physics, the unified theory. 


Art and science reveal deeper truths. 


Mathematics, the poetry of numbers. 


Intervals, structure. 


Descontracturar tus pensamientos. 


Science or poetry: mathematics. 


Hebrew is metaphorical language. 
Language of feelings. 


70000 words in hebrew. 


If you find the eloquence of life, everything changes. 


Peter instead of Simon/Jonah. 
Jesus renamed him. 


If you find the eloquence of life, everything changes. 


Blessing to the water/the water was there from the beginning of time for you to drink it. 


Paul, the greatest Hebrew scholar. Second after Jesus. 
He knew only inside of him.


He learnt to take communion. 


I took the road less traveled, and that has made all the difference. 


Unknown has it risk but you can be a pioneer, travel your own path. 


Enchantment. 


Always be prepared for the unknown. 


Magic happens. 


Gitches in the matrix. 


Dance with it or resist.


We all play with the same cards. The game is psychological and we all count with the same tools. 


Deeper meaning in name. 


Cuando no sostengo creencias, evoluciono. 


Mechanical.


Introspective and sensitive to outside experiences, from words. 


Jesus is by him. 


A new light to old things. To shine. 


Covenants.
Face to face. 


Find the new dimensions. 


Another petal of the flower. 


The spirit of God created a hunger over Moses. 


Memories past by him. 


“I never knew that about you”.


Common denominator is vitality. 


Not a flatline; a wave.


The art of doing nothing. 


Life is something that is alive. 


You dig deeper, with knowledge. 


A recapitulation tool.


Hungry enough to eat their children. 


The spirit of God is in the earth. 
It happened on the day of pentacles.


Jacob’s ladder is gone. 


Random paragraph, choose where it applies. 


Real world problem, classifications. 


He had the sense that if he moved, he’d die. 


It got so dark nobody could move. 


Oppressive darkness.


Darkness is heavy in spirit, contrary to light. 


Sons of God be made manifest. 


Por que sonamos. 


Proclaim the name of the lord.


God is absurd. 
God is funny.
God is ridiculous. 
God is the best joke.


Probable, causable connections. 


There’s nothing that can be done and just get rid of karma. 


He repented for the people as their leader. After seeing the attributes of god. 


Most do not know how to love and be loved. 


Jesus is an archetype.


Truth unveils to those who seek. 


The spiritual realm is as real as sound. 


What does my name contain. 


Who knows the spiritual source?


Todos llegan a la armonia de diferentes maneras. 


Toca lo que haiga. Hebillacinto. 


Squartle. 


I am nothing but tired. 


You can’t start a fire without a spark. 


Libertad conlleva responsabilidad. 


I’m just so tired I want to die. 


Jesus found God in enlightenment. 


Llevar a todos conmigo seria el sacrificio. Awaken. 


Como soy yo son todos, como son todos soy yo. 


La bestia y la bella no son mas que uno. Nunca se trato de una relacion de pareja, mas bien de la propia naturaleza humana, en el estado en que se encuentra. 


Todo se abre desde un mismo lugar. Toda idea, desde un punto en el infinito del conocimiento. 


The lord, the lord Jod. 


Godly timing involved. 


Mercyfulness.
Gracefulness.
Long suffering.
Abundance goodness truth.
Keeping mercy.
Forgetting inequity, transgression and sin.


Equal standing. 


Pasado, presente y futuro por siempre en todo, posibilidad.


Dan Harmon exorcizando sus demonios en las series. I know how it is to grow up without love.


Jesus the only thing that knew was Evil (first). He knew Evil. That’s how he could teach Good. 
Knowing Evil doesn’t make you Evil. 


Everthing that taken into an extreme will ruin us, is bad. What deteriorates, is worse than what constructs. Unless its purpose is Evil. 


Everything that taken into an extreme will make us better, is good. 


We are all good when we help each other transition. 


They are showing the nature of evil. In evil, everything goes.


Los prejuicios no son nunca bienvenidos.


Es cierto que los prejuicios se reconocen a posteriori. Porque no pueden ocurrir dos cosas al mismo tiempo. Instead of quantum, or reality. Mind jumps from point to point in logos, meaning time and space. Nos dieron el formato en que teniamos que escribir. No es necesario apretar la birome. No tengo que hacer fuerza para escribir. Por eso se me cansa la muneca. Escribo lento si no escribo constante. Para escribir constante debo mantener la mano deslizandose en velocidad constante donde sepa que puedo mantenerme a la par con la escritura. 


Where are things we referr to, allocated?


A jack of all trades and a master of none.


I knew it was going to be me who cracked the code.
I knew before solving it that I was going to solve it.
I hoped.


My god is free will.


I'll give the people the power of freedom.


We are moving away from the center. Away from heat. Towards the cold. The high. 


I don't want what I'm not supposed to.


To always live in the same perception. That is hell. 


Who cares about the quality of my lines.


I call my lines.


You call your variables and then you call them again.


Está todo bueno pero no para volverse loco.


De qué soy responsable?
Que lugar ocupa yo en todo esto?
Que es lo que debo hacer.
Necesitamos un líder?
Diferencia entre luz y oscuridad.


Tuyas de otros o universales.


Different drugs in different scenes.


Shadow work. Face your inner darkness.


Distractions.


Acquiring a sense of time. The amount of time encapsulated with all people.


We discover our own existence.


Using words could be a problem today.


Energy exists in a constant state of change.


Menos rabia y más ternura.


The essence of a book isn't in its compilation but in its writings. But the quality of a book is.


Life changing encounters with music.


You're here to grow.


Physically attached and spiritually detached.


Your spirit gets attached to things.


Meditation to connect ourselves with the source, the divine.


Deon does not mean meditation.


I'm not this body. I'm a spirit.
It's all an illusion.


Let cosmic intelligence make your wishes come true.


Channeling.
Finding new ways to love.


Money as a source of energy.
Money will always enhance what you are.


Money attracts money.


What are the weapons you count with.


Every cent you spend is an investment.
Shiva. Jesus.


Not you fundamentally.
Mind and senses.


What you have learnt is not enough.


You are the one who know yourself.
You know your thinking.


Not thinking can show you your self.


Fantastic things from the spiritual world.


Hu is the one who is seeing.
I see my body, it doesn't see me. I own it.
My property. It is mine but not me.
Thoughts, same thing. They are mine but not me.


The idea of yourself is not your true self. Fear comes from your side image.


The fundamental you does not change.


Joy or fear is not you. The one who sees does not come and go.


Showing something.


Realize something.


How empty can you become? Hold on to nothing.


It's just me and my experience.


My self connects to the source.


Accept this nothingness.
Nothingness is not new.
It can't go away.
Nothingness is you.


Mind holds a limited identity.


Keep recognising this nothingness.


I just want to know what is true. I just want to know who I am.


Nothingness has to be experienced in a way so there are no doubts. You don't have to me convinced intellectually.


Your self is not a personal self. It was never created. No one can take it away or destroy it.
Body and breath will once go.




Great beauty and great peace.


It does not matter what happens to you but what you experience.


Human Kingdom.


Nothing is your true self. The uncreated.


Mindsets change your life.


I'm God, but am I a good person?


Respect other people's mouths.


I'm an agent of chaos.


Control the narrative. That is what politics are about.


We don't care about history. We care about truth. And truth is never in the past but eternal present. It's only true about the past what is true now.


History was meant to be recorded.


I don't care who they think that I am.


"Si Milei quiere emular a Menem que se afilie al PJ y gane las internas . O la paso . Es alli su primera batalla . Por fuera es parte de los enemigos de los enemigos que terminan siendo amigos del poder . / Sun TZU"
Comentario Facebook.


The lost kings of Israel and Judah.


Es en el proceso de escribir que se devela la magia. 


Menos esfuerzo que quedarse quieto y no pensar, no hay. 
Creo que no lo hacemos porque no nos gusta dormir, queremos abosrber sin perder el tiempo. 


Solo se desliza la muneca. Se escribe con los dedos. 


Fight boredom mentally. That resistance. 


Siempre me acuerdo de Maru. Decidi mal. 


Tome, si, muchas malas decisiones. 


Why do we suffer so much being still and doing nothing? 


Why not?


I write my lines as if they were the only lines in the world. 


The mother’s cry is hate so deep. 


Es el cuerpo, no soy yo. 


“El cuerpo te lo pide” es un mito. 


Me exijo muy poco. Eso es mi problema. Y aunque de ya mucho, se que podria dar mucho mas. 


Nadie no tiene delirios. 


Sacan de los textos biblicos todas las ideas que se desprenden, logicamente, de ellos 


Las ideas son eternas y son unas. Al querer desarrollarlas y expresarlas. Las abro por algun lado. 


Todo lo que escribo viene a ser un recordatorio. 


Chucho es Chucho. Cuando otros hablan de mi, me hacen dudar de quien soy. Y aunque moleste detras de esas dudas llego a la verdad. No se quien soy. Soy. 


Abrir una idea implica releer. 
Statement. 


No se quien soy. Tengo que conocerme como conozco a todos los demas. Nunca termino de conocerme, y eso que soy la fuente primera de todo lo que creo conocer. Y eso que yo tomo mis decisiones. Pero hay cosas de mi que no entiendo. 


Hoy me di cuenta de que no podria haber evitado lo que ya sucedio, porque tome las mejores decisiones con los recursos que tenia. 


De algunas cosas solo nos quedamos con la duda. 


Quieren mostrarnos los matices de la moral? 


In comfort deprivation. 


Toda una vida y nunca voy a llegar a conocerme. 


La gran pena y la gran ansiedad vienen d no poder conocernos. 


Aprender a quedarse con la duda (de lo que realmente es un misterio). El futuro es un misterio. Cualquiera capaz de develarlo es un profeta y un mentiroso. Yo crei que estaba loco, pero al final no. Entendi mi naturaleza de Dios en un cuerpo limitado. 


Cada vez que abstraigo una idea nueva, la guardo y la conservo para siempre. Solo queda en mi mente la mejor representacion.


Life, the unsolvable puzzle. 


En la psiquis hay competencia por las mejores representaciones. 


First realization: puedo pensar cualquier cosa. 


I call it human. The human in me. That is what religio stands for. 


Religio. Re ligare. To religate with your own nature. 


The study of the self is the study of God. 
Know thyself is the starting point. 


Religio. To bind. 


Superstitio. 
Re ligio - re - ligare. 


La gente se cansa de escuchar siempre las mismas cosas. 


El humano, el unico animal que se equivoca dos veces. 


Bad made all history. We need a society freed from all Evil. 


One paper written as…


Hay que ser conscientes de la guerra ideologica que se libra en el mundo. 


Hablemos con cualquiera de cualquier cosa. 
Podcast. 


Con la marihuana por ai se me dispara mas la cabeza. 


I don’t want what I don’t need. 


The first turn-on is always the wildest. 


L’amore e divertimento. 


The bourgeoisie.


Casanova sensuality. 


You’ll never know what I’m thinking even if I write many parts down. 


Learning languages in softcore. 


See how much you can manage. 


Fighting boredom. 


See things as they are. 


Fight the forces fragmenting yourself, knowing the parts involved. 


There is no such a thing as insanity in the sense I thought of before. It’s your metaphysic ego descending. 


Las “ideas” refieren a todo. 


Fantasies are things that are not there. 


Fantasy: inconscious fascination by association with no recognizible tools to cope.


Una vela derritiendose = una donna masturbandose. 


Faltaba sensualidad. Se trabaja de a poco, gradual y lento. 


They want us to deny the animal part. 


I also’ve got to have a philosophy of sex and sensuality. 


Philosophy is something that’s developed. 


In all chaos there is a cosmos, in all disorder a secret order. Carl Jung. 


A software that can scroll through individual paragraphs (units) to re-arrange them. 


Pre-compiled/compiler/compiled. 
Read.
Edit.
Write.
Extract and move. 


My writings are the work of my life. 


Solo esclavistas disponen de un cuerpo ajeno. Solo un esclavo pone su cuerpo a disposicion. 


Closing my eyes I saw the Lotus. 


To hide at plain sight you use alghoritms. 


La lampara es lo mas parecido a la luz de una vela. 


Debo dejar de hacer tiempo solo para las cosas que considero yo importantes. 


Reality used to be the place where you found comfort when you got scared from your mind. The moment your experience it the other way around, you are in despair. Not existing, just living. 
The moment the mind weights more than reality. 
The moment reality is not comfort but solitude. 


I know how lonely he felt. 


I can’t never emulate or be what other one was. I will never write what others wrote. 




Debo dejar de hacer tiempo solo para las cosas que considero yo importantes. Hay mas ademas de la importancia. La inteligencia. 


La importancia de llamarse Ernesto. 


That which I’m not remembering today is the answer to all. 


They’ve let me nail roots down in hell. 


Those who know hell are many. 


What is that which I’m not remembering right now, that is the answer to all. This situation (and all questions). 


Start every answer with: I am. 


Las capas sobre las que se imprime la realidad y causa nuestra experiencia.
Sensaciones (hambre, sed, ganas de cagar). 
Razones. 
Pensamientos. 
Impresiones. 
“Tengo hambre” solo conlleva la respuesta “ah”. I too, am hungry sometimes. I never say it out loud. Why would I? It is not important, nor do I care. I just go and eat. 


If you don’t bother me I won’t analyze you. 


Thought travels at the speed of light. 
I can go from subparticle to universe in an instant. 


He doesn’t use the word “God” because he’s not brave enough.
I don’t entirely believe this. 


Can you partly believe things? 


Why do they ask you for explanations when they themselves give none?


H.


Ilumination will come after scientific era. I, can only imagine. 


Infinite (expanding and contracting, has always existed). Infinite is 0 = 1-1.
Nothing is outside the zero. 


I go back to nothingness to eliminate every impulse or stop vice from taking over. 


Every thing has its origins. 


We are not empty because of our material form. 


We are here to experience something. Nothing, we already know. Because that is what we are. 
Nothing, we already are. 
 
We are nothingness. As within, so without. 


There is space in between anything. 


I don’t need to remember what’s important. I need to understand (so I don’t have to rely on memory) nature. 


Importance is not something you understand, it is when things are put into perspective. 


Be water, be big and crash the block. Sweep it. 


We are eternal flow. We could be. 


There’s not a true nature of character. Character is built. 
I don’t entirely believe that.


Should I clarify every time I don’t entirely believe that?


Scripts talk about themselves and authors believe they are writing about themselves. 


Dios no manda. Te gobiernas a ti mismo. 
El verdadero sentido del libre albedrio. 


Dios nos hizo a su imagen y semejanza.


They’ll seek in what you say, things they think about themselves. 
And things they think about yourself. 


Boundless art. 
Let your creativity explode with no boundaries. 


Con mas o menos resistencia, la obediencia hace al obediente. Ni mas ni menos. It’s the realm of doing. Everyone can see it (any potential observer).


Viejo, sumiso y obediente. Conformista y complaciente. Debil y temeroso. Recae en su autoestima para sostener sus creencias. Carga grandes cantidades de culpa y resentimiento. Como la vida familiar es un calvario, cree que la vida se trata de disfrutar, y disfrutando cualquier cosa, se vuelve pobre de mente y de espiritu. Porque no encuentra, para lo que hace, mas razones que el placer que le provocan. Esta no es una buena forma de vida proqe sus habitos recaen en vicios, sus vicios en deformidades en la forma de razonar. 


Cuando no me entienden, jamas me lo dirian. 


Miente y manipula. Se cree con derecho a tratar como ella cree que otros se merecen, basandose nada mas que en su opinion de ellos, no creyendo que puede equivocarse en su analisis. 


No es que evitaba analizarme. Evitaba analizar a mis padres. Creia que si lo hacia dejaria de quererlos. 


No conclusion leads to hate. 


Marcelo, agachate y conocelo. 


Por mucho que los pensaba, no podia entenderlos. Porque no sabia como funcionaba la locura que los dominaba. 


Si nadie agarra el timon, va solo.


Fear and disgust, nothing causes it. 
It is mystery and nature. 


You can’t stop time, if you could, you wouldn’t despair for not having all the answers. 
Before I had none. Now I have some. 
I didn’t know the mysteries of the body before becoming a body. 


“Echando a perder se aprende”. Don Ramon. 


Long way to complex conclusions. 


The game theory. 
El mundo es uno de posibilidades. Nada existe sin que haya existido primero su posibilidad. 
Y ninguna otra (de infinitas posibilidades que podrian haber sido) es. 


Todo lo que te haga mas creativo, existe. Cualquier posibilidad que sea otra, te hace mas grande. Cuestionar te expande, y todo esta integrado en la infinitud del cero. 


Remar en dulce de leche. 


El ojo que todo lo ve es el ojo que mira adentro. 


A madsman laughter. 


Third eye takes time to develop. 
Or to remember. 


We all have the same tool. Many do not know it is there. Many know it all. 


Accessing Akasha is not getting all that there is to know at once. You can’t do that in physical form. Consciousness is where awareness is. And for concepts, we have representations of them. 


Thinking about my parents make me want to leave a better future. 


Todavia no la uso a voluntad porque a voluntad podria vivir las imagenes que yo quiero, retenerlas; en vez, me distraigo y las interrumpo. Lo mas dificil de hacer algo es permanecer concentrado. 


You give the images in your head, as much attention as you want. 


Something that goes wrong for the main character.
That's how the plot is built.


I got filled with anger the moment I decided not to forgive them.
After not allowing me to feel bad for them. Feel sad because of them. Feel sympathy.


Circumstances don't make the man. They only reveal them to themselves.


God tells us to trust no man for guidance.


In the game of appearance, you realise when you grow, they weren't fooling anyone.


Dressing better gives you an advantage.


When we give we should feel light, free and easy.


Mentally
Physically
Emotionally
Spiritually
Psychologically


I want to speak to the worst of the worst.


https://youtu.be/Wjcf1qyc64g
Boobs and soul.
Boobs are fine but the point is the soul.


https://youtu.be/NmwWE7f2YRQ
Yes.


Subtle images of our imagination to be our focal point.


Raw sound is where music lives in. 


All that is true, is first a possibility. 


La consciencia esta en alguna parte y desde ahi podes cambiar random, o con intencion, para adelante, atras, adentro, afuera. 


Si estas relajado no se te bloquea el flujo de pensamientos. El sueño lucido. 


Can one write wrongly on purpose?


Sueñan los sueñadores. 


Los locos estan soñando.


Tricky, that I am. 


La vida es un sueno lucido, muy lucido. Todo es un sueno menos este momento. Solo lo que no es un sueño es real. 


La musica de meditacion es todo flujo. 


Si en vez de pensar “color” (concepto) pienso (movimiento) abarco otras mas profundas dimensiones. 


Como encuentro el flujo para escribir? 
No se si existe tal cosa.


Ser filosofo es girar sobre uno mismo. 


Jewel within. 


Yo solamente quiero mirar lo que escribo. 


Cualquier frase podria estar acompanada de un dibujo. 


Mas sueño, mas dificil es mantenerse dormido. 


Deberia hacer dibujos sobre algunas de mis frases. 


Rehuimos de la mente porque tememos a nuestros propios sueños. 


“Pero en mi corazón hay un cerdo” escuche recien. 


Las leyes de los sueños operan sobre nuestra experiencia las 24hs (foreva).


Many images. All go so fast. May and can retain. 


Christoph Waltz. 


I need nothing. 
I want nothing. 
I am nothing. 


I only want what I need and I need what I am. 


The more I learn, the more I learn that I have a lot more to learn. 


The lonely one offers his hand too quickly to whomever he encounters. 


With every level of elevation there will be opposition. 


“You didn’t come here to chase money status, fame or power. You came here to awaken your true nature as spirit incarnate”.
To awaken others, is what spirit incarnate is for. 


“La pelicula del Rey”.


The Earth is also a mistery but an earthly one (material). Forests vs volcanoes. 


“No te doy bola”, mira que facil. 


Know your true nature. 


Mind enclosed by thoughts (drawing). 
I hope you are alright.


I miss the most, the most uncomprehended of them. 


El viejo espera a que te olvides. 


La curiosidad y la búsqueda de la verdad nos conecta a todos. Socrates soy yo y otros muchos que conscientes de su ignorancia, buscaban el saber. 


Axiomas:
No hay una verdad (las cosas no son).
o
Hay una verdad (las cosas son). 


Ian Curtis dances as if he was having a seizure.
He represents his seizures in his moves. He moved like no other. 


I wish they knew better how to respect the peace. How to bring love to harmony. 


Love is fun. If you can’t have fun with that person, you don’t love it anymore. 


Am I too raw?


Virgo is the only female in zodiac. 


Start the day with a blank page. 


El orden natural es: me gusta estar en medias por la casa. Me parece lo mas logico ademas. Te abriga y te previene de ensuciarte con las cosas que hay en el piso, alrededor del fuego.
(a esto lo escribi en el campo?).


Decepcionante fue enterarme de que el era uno de los sabios. Mas bien esta teniendo una involucion degenerativa. Le llaman, hoy, demencia. 


Pronouns change because the lines referr to those to best adapt to your belief. 
Maybe when I wrote the lines I refferred it to my father, but as I read it I don’t associate it with him, but with my grandfather. Lines resignificate. 
Lines mean everytime they are read. 


No podemos concebir una realidad diferente. Sin embargo, la realidad nunca ha sido asi. Siempre ha sido diferente. 


Escribiendo uno entra en contacto intimo con las palabras. Y con las palabras, encuentra uno el significado de las cosas. Una sociedad libre es una sociedad advocada a la filosofía. 


The head gets louder when the louder outside stops. 
Es la historia de la carpa del circo del viejo con el tornillo en el ojo. 
O el campo despues de tocar y cuando todos se iban. 


Charles Bukowski, “la máquina de follar” o “la enfermedad de escribir”. No “la maquina de escribir”. 


Soy un adicto a escribir. Y creo que es la unica adicción sana. Pero debemos chequear de no descuidar todo lo demas. 
This too, can consume you. 


Better or worse, they are all dreams. Nothing but dreams. 


If I wait until I say everything that needs to be said before I do something, I’ll die without having done anything. 


“It is not their choice”.
“Once is, always is”.
“Cannot be cured”.
“You need help”.
“You are sick”.
“You are poor”.


I would write forever If I had the fuel and the energy to do it. I love writing, and taking it to an extreme can heal your deeper, save your better. So, get hooked on writing. 
[interlineado]
Que rico es el café caliente en una mañana fría de verano, con un cielo gris. 


All of the sudden, you are this big, empty space. You have a thought superstructure within but you know the darkness there still is outside of it. 


Infinity is a concept we can’t experience, we can only extract it from possibilities of possibilities. Starting with none, resulting in all. 


We can only extract the concept of infinity from particulars.


Phones interrupt our attention. 
Block all that ain’t worth it. 


Right wings will win just because you can’t beat the market. If being pro market makes you right wing, then it’s a matter of time that we are all right wings. 


A veces no se puede escuchar musica. Y esta bien. 


Los padres estan aterrorizados de las memorias de sus hijos. 
Tienen miedo de que los pienses. Tienen mas miedo aun de que los escribas. A esto ultimo lo afirmo porque lo han mencionado. A lo primero lo afirmo porque escribir es otra forma de pensar. Mas estructurada y ordenada. 


Ella reinterpreta x1000 pero tiene una vision reflectiva tan distorsiva que cada vez se aleja mas de lo que las cosas son. 


Hacete consciente de tu ignorancia, ese es el great awakening. The wisest ones start from nothing at all. 


Your body doesn’t start you. Your body is where you end. 


The convenciste de que las cosas que viste no eran reales. 


I don’t succeed because I don’t push through. 
It is for me, the plain of action. 
There’s action and attraction. 
What attracts action. 


If i’d want, I would. 


Castrated by imagination. 


Am I compensating. 


She’s fascinated with fiction because she hates her life. 


I push them away. 


Prove yourself right. 


New ways to love. 


What are Revolut’s commission’s fee? 


Hoy cerre mi primera cuenta en perdida. SHIBA (no me gustaba, meme coin).


You roll your gains from one to another. 


Smart people hack the system. 


It is found funny when the same thing is going through 2 minds. 


Better writing than talking (lo quise decir al reves).
Better talking than writing. 


This experience. It sobered me up. Ian.
Take a step back. Look at yourself. 
Try to be sober for a minute so you can actually see yourself. 
Don’t do something stupid. My stupid mistake ruined my life.
At least I only hurt myself. 
Good lawyer finds all the rules.


I need just to increase stamina. 


Sneakily handsome. 


Can I, I, I, everything else. 
You, I, everything else. 


Los tiburones del poder. 


We all live in a world of fantasies (beliefs that aren’t true). More or less. 


Hay una figura endulzada de Jesus. Cambiaron la narrativa. Jesus conocio “el pecado”. God couldn’t, according to them.


De las experiencias, te quedan resacas de las sensaciones. Se van disolviendo. Pero pueden disolverse al instante. 


Every night of the weekend is metaphorical suicide. In masses. 


Lo locos que estarán algunos, que después de estar en un trance creativo se olvidan de que ellos estuvieron ahí en todo momento. 


Recién me llamo Pedro Ayala, testigo de Jehová. Hablamos del fin de los tiempos. 


Que cada uno se ria de lo que quiera. 


Jesus was something else than human (the idea of) is the greatest mistake in history. 


I imagine I can speak with people that would challenge me and make me grow (definition of parenting).


Noche//Calle fuera casa//EXT
Me re demoraba en salir. Me estaban esperando. Fui a buscar la campera. Salí por la ventana haciendo parkour de la ventana a la maceta de la maceta al suelo. Estaba bastante alto. Grite “eu!” para que vengan para el lado que estaba yo (para ese lado quedaba el lugar a donde íbamos a ir). La calle estaba repleta de gente. Parecido a los días en que había partido en River. Me acerco yo también un poco a ellos, y lo cruzó a Ojeda que arrincona a un loco que lo viene bardeando. “ah sos verga…?” (?). Iaio sale de atras y lo revienta de una trompada. El gordo se va hasta la calle. Se queda ahí, a unos metros. No se va. Yo esperaba que se fuera y esto acabará. “Bueno, ya está”, dije yo. “Anda”. Viene otro loco con un revolver y le tira cinco tiros en un revolver de seis. Después no se que le dice a Blas, se viene hasta una garage abierto donde estábamos nosotros, yo me agacho y lo uso de escudo humano y el loco le dice “y la ultima para vos” (?) (ya se la tenia jurada a blas). Blas se arrincona en el piso contra la pared, a un par de metros. El loco se agacha, le apunta en la cabeza y lo mata. Me quiero morir. Me acerque para pegarle una trompada en la garganta y pensé estando ahí en clavarle un puñal en la nuca. 
El loco había vaciado el cargador. No había nada que perder para el fisura del arma. 
Adentro de la casa me esperaba una morochita que me gustaba. 
Adentro Demarchi y Emi (?) me ayudaban a buscar la campera. 
Cuando Ojeda arrinconó al otro, más allá a un amigo suyo lo tenían igual contra un alambre enrejado, porque no lo podían parar. Estaba enojada y le quería pegar a alguien. Parece que el conflicto era mas grande y venia de antes. Dos muertos por no saber desactivar una pelea. Violence escalates. 


El sexto tiro es smack. 


What's so disgusting I can't put up with.


Entirely evil he who doesn't care.


Things have no feeling but a soul, eternal property, vibration and movement.