A este cuadernillo lo encontre en buenos aires, en la calle. Era el cuaderno de apuntes de “Organización del computador” de alguin extraño.


I pick up a phrase to start writing. From pendrive.


Organising is doing.


Carry your thoughts with you at all times.


I like the books I can read.


Arrive 15 minutes early. Always. 


Beliefs have implications always.


Llegará el día en que ya no me levante.


Algunas preguntas no llevan signo.


Un signo significa al símbolo. 


Un signo desentraña un símbolo.


In life you're either growing or you're dying.


Hare Krishna por como suena.


El principio fundamental trasciende cualquier religión institucionalizada.


Una serie de convencimientos.


Todas las posibilidades son ciertas.


All possibilities are true.


El internet es una expresión del ser.


Thoughts are the only thing that are valuable.


Growing up you look upwards. Grown up you look equals.


Salió todo el chorro de pensamientos de golpe.


Un budget jamming baskets kuskers buskers, yo arriba con las canciones de Spotify de backing track. Sería hasta gracioso.


We act as if things had no memory.


You have a cross on your hand.


Why not think about life as if it was unpredictable? In a way it
is. You can affect someone else's life.


Support us through paypal.


Es un trance la máquina de escribir.


Tan lindo manejarla. Es impresionante.


Ella es linda pero muy interesada.


Hace falta mas porro y una buena mu jer je je je je je e j . j.


Uno quiere experimentar el placer de escribir pero no puede si no sabe qué escribir.


Voy a hacer mis cosas.
Voy a hacer mis cosas de a puchitos.


Una cosita a la vez, al final voy a haber hecho todo.


La tinta no es perfecta pero tampoco es que nada.


En el cuerpo está la pista.


Saber qué escribir es un gran dilema. 


Problema. Hasta encontrarlo
No puedo saber exactamente cómo termino una frase. No se si hay forma de terminar los libros tipeados de maquina. Ni ahi el timbre es suficiente para frenarme de escribir
pasado el margen.


Yo también tengo una máquina de escribir. Major Parkinson.


A mi lo que me gusta es el cigarrillo.


Fumaría hasta que no haya mañana.


El margen izquierdo queda derechito. El derecho, inexistente.


No se puede hacer lo mismo que en la computadora. Pero esta bien que así sea.


Johnny, let him fight. If Johnny wants to fight, let him fight.


Crees que podés hacer cualquier cosa solo porque no estás con la sociedad. 


Vivimos en una sociedad. 


Esta máquina martilla a pleno.


No se si no continúo mi hobby por el rubro de la máquina de escribir.


Portofremente coteutedor


Nada está fríamente calculado.


U mna pena perder amigos por diferencias políticas.


Algunas cosas no se pueden permitir.


Me imagino otra realidad. 


Muchos dijeron “me importa una mierda la humanidad” y se despegaron de ella en el tiempo. Lo único que te mantiene tan anclado al tiempo es tu televisor y las noticias del día. 


This will be the greatest collapse so far known. 


Me encanta levantarme de mañana bien temprano y tenerla toda para mi. 


They feed the monster. 


I don’t fit in anyone’s standards because you can’t tell me what I am. 


You only can build from love. 


Me encanta la manana si la agarras temprano porque no importa que tanto te cuelgues, todavia sigue siendo de manana. 


Son siempre las diez.


I have to integrate sports to my habits and mindsets. 


Good habits to have better thoughts. 


I don’t have time to read. 


Efficiency could be one way of exploiding life. Love could be another. Freedom could be another. 


Sometimes the enchantement doesn’t work. Then we believe in no magic. But the enchantment works. But the oher one has to be receptive to it. It only works through suggestion. 


Si digo palabras que no se olvidaran mas, sere otro profeta. 


I’m aware of everything that could happen. Because every possibility is true. 


Count on all possibilities but fear none, because none is predictable. They are all equally premonitioned. 


El héroe de las mil caras. Tengo que conseguirlo para algunos amigos.


Tiempo. El unico mantra. 


La autoconsciencia. Reflejo de si mismo. 


Hay gente que es de verdad muy estúpida. Pero son estúpidas justamente por no darse cuenta. 


Lo sagrado lo determino yo.


No quiero más gente en mi casa. Me siento como Katherine en Mother.


Gente en mi casa me quita tiempo.


De acá escucho a los rayones que le está pegando a la mesa recién barnizada. Ni un papel le apoye yo y se puso ahí a armar unos fierros.


Estaba solo, con frío y con miedo.


El taladro en la cabeza. Los rayones en la mesa. Podría yo caer por sugestión. Perturbarme. En vez elijo no hacerlo.


No perturbarse es una elección, siempre que la perturbación no sea física.


No puedo ni pensar con el loco acá merodeando alrededor mío. Caminando. Tosiendo, golpeando la mesa. No sé ni lo que estoy pensando. Me interrumpe a mitad de cada pensamiento. No quiero gente en mi casa. 


I have to read more, less concentrated.


Un primer plano de las bolas de un loco a través de una ventana. Zoom in.


Love your enemies. Hate your friends.


No estoy haciendo nada de lo que dije que iba a hacer? 


Por que no estoy tranquilo? 


No puedo estar tranquilo pensando mal de mi mismo. No podes condenarte. Rompe el ciclo. 


Estos escritos son para mi. Existo yo solo en el universo cuando se trata del proceso de escribir. 


Me gustaria a todos poder develarles mi secreto. Pero no se como hacer. 


Yo creo que todos estan despertando. 


Puede que el miedo nos despierte. 


No fumo porque decido no fumar. 


I decide. My only mantra. I am a collection of choices. I have nothing but a choice. Choices are reduced to zero when you die. 


Soil is fertile. Time to plant a seed. 


Ellos no son robots. Sienten igual que vos. 


I will find y strength along the way. 


Todos ibamos a transitar esto. Para mi fue mas facil atravesarlo. Fue mas intenso y mas corto. 


Every cigarette I don’t smoke, I’m doing good. 


El nuevo despertar de la consciencia. Lo estamos viendo. 


Die. Die again. 


You can experience some of the universe within.


No one can peal reality.


Infinitos ojos.


To find yourself, think for yourself.


In despair when others do not talk about what troubles you.


The coming together of two realities.


The fastest way to become God.


Knowledge. Sexual Union. The two coming together.


World of manifestation.


Transcend the manifestations and see the principles for themselves.


Going up the ladder of principality. Moving towards the divine darkness.


Logi. Spiritual reasons for things.


The highest mountain is inside that point.


Christ fills the hierarchy.


The questions I would ask Jordan Peterson if I knew him.


Son of man.


Glorious imagery.


The top of the hierarchy and the bottom of the hierarchy at the same time. Christ.


The alpha and the omega. 


There's a connection between the beginning and the end. That snake eating its tail.


"I can't save them", I cried.


Success is about fulfilling the intent behind your action. 


The divine darkness. 


If everything replicates why would this be any different. 


Follow the smaller versions of the self to find the symbol that unites them all. 


God is the point where everything meets. 


Maybe God  is inferior to the darkness of nothingness. 


Todo era oscuridad. Las partes de luz son de Dios, las otras son de el -1 de Dios. 


Lo espiritual está ausente de toda representación.


La depresión me la causó la escuela.


No hay contradicción entre lo físico y lo metafísico.


Error appears when you think you have to do something but don't know what.


The lowest and the highest at the same time.


La primera tentación. 


Aún después de comer la manzana del conocimiento, no supieron Adán y Eva por qué no debían comerlo. Si debían ignorar todas las cosas y todo lo que está mal.


Why would you keep me from truth? Innocence.


Les han enseñado toda la vida que no piensen en lo que no les gusta. Que ridiculez. Eso se entrena. Lleva años.


Siempre buscando como hacer para librarme.


El amor nos hará libres. Porque es la respuesta primera que siempre estará bien. Es la tolerancia y la buena voluntad.


Do not mirror others, or watch yourself become others.


Being a man of God means appreciating the tools and things that exist and were here just for me.


In reality, things were not here just for me. I can't abuse experience.
Reality has consequences. Feedback.


Subestimo el boca a boca.


Estas cosas ya todas tenían nombre.


Entre una cosa y otra en el medio siempre hay infinitas cuestiones.


There's a natural law. Lex Naturae.


Being knowledgeable of God makes you mirror him.


You are a reflection of God.


There's a system of reflections in the universe. 


Opposition was always there. Light's been cracking through dirt.


If no mirror would have been there, light would have continued to move forward indefinitely.


All knowing. But knowing has a different notion. Knowledge almost like a sexual union.


En detalles particulares minúsculos empezamos a llenar la profecía.


Llenamos de información detallada todo lo que antes era oscuridad o solo simbología. Ahora hay infinito contenido para probar nuestra creatividad. Nuestro reflejo de Dios.


De a poco me voy despegando de todo.


You can't kill God just by killing it within you. 


Mi cuerpo está también dentro mío.


Mi viejo tendría que venir aunque sea a respirar otro aire.


Mirar biografías y documentales de príncipes.


Joder es hacerles comer viajes y después retractarse.
Te estaba jodiendo.


Spectral disorders.


There's more wisdom in your body than in your deepest philosophy. Nietzsche.


Spirit. The horse.


La fantasía debe desarrollarse con una cierta credibilidad.


Quiero pensar sin escribir. No se cuando fue la ultima vez que pude hacer eso. Si solamente escribo, no deberia importarme lo incomoda que me queda la pantalla del celular. 


I’ve picked up lines along my life. They said I was good with words. They said I was an angel. They said I was soberbio. They said I was gay. They said I was cosi come le donne. 


There was a scale and I wasn’t there. 


Your light turns off. 


Command yourself statements that will make you believe whatever you are thinking. 


Imagine how it would be for it to happen for real. Then extract what you saw. 


Do you know what 15 minutes of paying attention to a same thing is?


Siempre me acuesto con las piernas estiradas cruzadas. 


Espero a que se comiera a la rata antes de darle de comer. El se puso a llorar. La barba roja llena de sangre. Pero ya no tenia hambre, y esa comida se veia mucho mejor. 


There is a time for readaptation. 


The new me doesn’t do that. 


My mother is the mother of all. 
My father is the father of all. 
I am the self in all. 


My experience and my universe corresponds. 
God and the Logos corresponds. 


Logos, the mind of God. 


Can you separate yourself from mind?


La verdad es que todas las posibilidades son ciertas. 
So as long as you believe. For the experience, it is true. All posibilites but the ones that are, is reality. 


Yu can know about a thing by inverting its poles.


Entre pensamiento y pensamiento elijo la pausa. 


If what exists was the positive,  what would the negative be?


What is the negative to all things? Ask yourself to know about all things. 


Mystery is what is negative to all experiences.


0= 1-1, whichever 1 may be. -1 is its exact mirror. It is all that is minus all that it is not because that is. And is equally proportional. 


I could have my intuition in the right spot. 


I have to include my new words into my new skills. Words are skills. Without words you possess nothing. 


At what is not, you either fear or laugh. 


God is in every path and there are different gods. 


This life on earth is the collision of universes. 


Bajar es un proceso que lleva tiempo. Si no te das el tiempo no lo podes hacer. 


Cuando mas me cagaron a trompadas era cuando peor estaba. 


I hate cellphones because they are not fast enough to write in chats you want to get rid off.


Massive surveillance.


Mis amigos son los que siempre me cuidan.


You have to struggle. There is no other way. 


Pudre que te esten cargoseando.


El pensamiento es metafisico.


I dominate the waters. 


Gnosis. Knowledge. 


No puedo entender a todos para siempre. O si. Eso quizas sea amor. La comunion. La union sexual de la gnosis. 


What the fuck is wrong?


These writings where founded on the premises that everything could be written. I just write about what I think, and I think about everything. 


No es “del viejo orden” querer escribir. Las personas del futuro tambien van a querer aprender sobre sus antepasados desde propia fuente. Algo que jamas vas a poder saber es lo que otro ya supo, dijo o penso, o escribio. 


La religion son herramientas para el pensamiento. 


Tenemos herramientas de disociacion. Nunca tenemos la perdida del control. Tenemos desconocimiento. Nos rendimos. Podemos saber todas las cosas. 


What’s my best image to reflect you? 


What’s the best I coul be for your experience? Why is this imagery important. 


You have to enjoy the dark imagery to try and figure it out. 


Dark energy is the most obvious. It is the tragic in life. Caused by others just like you. Resentment manifested. 


We went down in numbers for quite a while. 


They were the wrong gods because they didn’t point to infinity.


Cerrito y mate va. 


Muslim, Jewish, Christian are the same God. Singularity of infinity. 


Every thought process can be named with the processes of creation. 


Do not look at it with your third eye. 


Singularity is when you make everything become one. The sexual union of gnosis, knowledge. 


White paper is my universe. 


Vanity comes from believing that you are right. 


Manson the Antichrist was necessary for the second coming of christ. The sense of all that is demonic. Now it is time for new lights to shine the way. To mark the path. To guide us. 


If you had models you will also be example. 


Aprendo porque pregunto. 


El me previno una vez de hacer preguntas adelante de los amigos de su hermano. 


“Listo” es para cortar la conversación. Es el cambio y fuera de mi lenguaje. 


Vomiting the large worm. 


Go back to nature. Align with it. 


I knew too much about water after the ring.


I get subtle energy.


The first thing I liked was the Sun.


The self is the only thing that requires no sexual union.


Whisky y huevos rellenos.


The enemy is everyone that is against writers and thinkers. Marx a great man.


Tomar un whisky y fumar un cigarrillo son dos entrenamientos mentales.


Hay culto al calor y culto al frío.


What does it mean to have a thought in the exact same moment that you are having it?


The infinite as a raging fire.


The woods are always watching.


How could you live and have no story to tell.


Tengo que armar un cuaderno ver cómo eso repercute. Uno a Noe, uno a papá. Uno a la abuela. Uno a mamá. Uno a mi hermana.


In anger we should refrain both from speech and action. Pythagoras.


Si entendés la sensualidad en una película la entendés en la vida real.


Slave he who cannot choose.


That which resumes all under a unity is a Principle. Principality.


That which resumes all under a unity is a Principle in which all things exist together and the single thing is All.


You hold belief because that's where you think.


A basic component of everyday experience and fundamental to life on Earth. 


The different components of their form and function are highly adaptable symbolically to different situations and phenomena.


Your arrangements won't trap you.


Something about plants—and again, trees in particular—must be archetypal, reality-structuring.


The ‘essence of plant-ness,’ what a plant is at its core.


Those elements of the plant in which is sensed the deepest metaphysical potency. 


Plants are, to our common sense understanding at least, a mostly unconscious life form. 


In Aristotelian theory, they contain the most rudimentary form of soul, the vegetative soul. 


Drawing up nutrients from the environment into its own field of attraction. 


There's a field of attraction.


The form is the purpose. We need look no further to discover the plant essence. 


The essence of the plant is contained within its very structure.


In the seeds we see the capacity for the microcosmic reflection of this entire fractal pattern.


 The nature of multiplicity.


Axioms of reality.


Archetypal plant form as a reality-structuring principle.


The state of being attained on each day is in a sense folded into subsequent days, producing with each iteration a new level of complexity and wholeness.


Three stages of maturity: sprouting, seeding, fruiting. 


Be careful when a naked person offers you a shirt.


Se abrieron portales. Just like it follows.


A life is in continuum.


I have to be able to watch it. 


Lo que importa es lo que experimentaste. Lo que queda en la memoria.


I receive it. It's my punishment.


Todo es exactamente como se supone que sea.


Dorado sobre negro.


I learn through images.


You need to find the right answer in an infinite randomness.


We understand only the passages we explore.


You can learn from your senses. 


Opinion poll a horrible way to run a government.


A vertical with a horizontal. A cross.


Poisonous snakes that are biting below. And taking those images and putting them above can be a healing mechanism.


Negative light and positive light. Negative shines light on the dark parts. Positive shines light on the bright parts.


The Logos of God go back to the world and back to God.


The three movements of the soul.
The circular movement of the soul. Returning to start point.
Linear movement. Moving away from start point.
Spiral. The joining of the two together.


Everything will be alright because this truth is too powerful.


Un mundo adulto, que diferente sería.


Ultimately is about if you remember.


Antes de existir el mundo tuvo que existir la idea del mundo. Los pensamientos de Dios no se ven así como no se ven los nuestros.


How won't you fear God. Haven't you seen it?


The devil is personal. God is universal.


You can only see the lights past the dark. The good past the evil.


Faith removes mountains.


We are permitted to use our will how we wish, but each usage of our will is a choice. 


double taking, rubbernecking, scanning, objectifying, evaluating.


I pursue to see just love and holiness. 


You cannot heal from something if you have no choice. 


A choice that I make every day. 


Any other women you truly respect.


Can you choose today to start refraining from…?


Hit the source to let the sink flow.


Don't look at her eyes unless it's time.


Can make it quickly flee from your heart. 


Scriptures on love, holiness, sanctification.


Let  its truth become true to your heart.


When you and scripture believe the same way, you begin to manifest the mind of Christ. 


30 days. All that I need.


When you understand everything you can forgive everything.


The way of the samurai is one way. Nothing off of it is part of the way.


Be more and more accord with your own way.


Superior dimensions of reality through psychedelics.


Spiritual end. To catch glimpses of transcendence.


Habitual use of drugs brings psychic disorganisation.


The ultimate reality is a domain of pure mind.


We were suffering from nihilism.


El problema no es la enfermedad si no su evolución.


We already went through being fishes.


Evolution can take many forms.


Cleaning is about picking up something randomly and finding a place for it. Carry it all and link it with the place.
Space distribution.


El cristianismo causo en muchos, ceguera. 


I am what I do with myself. I am what I do to myself. I am what I do of myself. 


There’s nothing wrong specially with me. 


Mi arquitectura es en base a libros. 


La distribucion del espacio gira en torno a los libros. 


In front of me, a white wall. 


Agarrar distintos libros de las mismas tematicas y leer todos los indices. 


Cómo entrada un libro usado. Lo puedo permutar por lo que está acá.


La grabadora tiene que estar abajo por una cuestion de espacio. Para poder tocar libremente. Una cuestion tecnica. 


No saques conjeturas. 


When I'm drawing I imagine my characters doing things that make them feel alive.


Communion. Making one body. Sex. Knowledge. Food.


Cities eat people.


The fruit of God and Evil.


The body is not evil.


We can be slaves of the making of body.


Eating is the cause of the fall. Eating is the image of salvation.


Ontological hierarchy. Men above animal.


Levels of nutrition.


From the garden to the vegetable to the animal.


Further and further out. Moving away from the whole system.


The whole of wholly.


Tabernacle.


Fullness. Feast. Out towards the outside.


At Peter. Circle becomes a square.


In the square there are kosher and non kosher meat.
 The Christian church can integrate until the end of the world.


You give out. To the outside.


Fasting gets you into the center.


Rules for fasting.


The real fasting is the interior fasting.


Cut yourself from the passion.


Rules are chosen for you. Submit to something that is exterior to you.


Different personalities in your mind.


Die purposely.


Tame your passions.


Be around people whose presence calls forth your best.


Lo bueno y lo malo en un momento se tocan.


He's being more open now. Releasing material from years before when it was released only on patreon.


Artículos de fe.


Why would the answer be any different this time.


Be conscious of your own weight.


Él está ahí. Nos servimos de él.


Magical idealism reveals the cosmic value.


The tarot of the metaverse.


You won't ever feel ready.


Fantasy is magical idealism.


Lo que tengo que hacer es exactamente lo que estoy haciendo. Siempre.


Mi estilo es exactamente como soy.


Aumentando la dificultad de los obstáculos.


Lo que he leído me moldea.


Period peace.


It's in the future where you regret stuff.


Stories have to look alive.


All those who succeeded have worked hard.


Watch the types of movements you are perceiving.


La única verdad es el idealismo mágico.


Characters move in belief. 


Pay attention.


Jungian transformation.


Develop your own styles of writing.


Transformation is a real possibility.


A door to move forward and never look back.


Death makes us free from responding to our actions.


Men willingly believe what they wish.


Ignorance and denial makes us sick.


Threefold philosophies.


Treat everything as things that exist.


Look at things in vacuum.


Acting is about listening and reacting.


What would it be of her if she was still living.


All that she can't experience. All that she won't.


They confuse you telling you hot is not.


People that think rebel against what they are told if they believe it not to be true.


No idle thoughts.


No se pueden transferir las propias posibilidades.


Nada puede arrastrarnos en contra de nuestra voluntad.


Soñé que me despedía del negro. Abrazo fuerte. Cualquier cosa me chiflas.
Ibel. Agua. Pelea. 


Hear me, man, he said. There is room on the stage for one beast and one alone. All others are destined for a night that is eternal and without name. One by one they will step down into the darkness before the footlamps. Bears that dance, bears that don't.


I never meditate on pain because I kill it.


Dangerous feel good ideologies.


El apego al pecado. Síndrome de Estocolmo.


Sensitive to emotional change.


El cree que el destino le pesa.


Between me and god there's a tunnel.


Satan is not expressed apart from me.


Act as if you believe everything.


There are two poles, is basically what they are saying with God and Satan, good and evil. But we aren't supposed to be one or the other, but equilibrium. If we knew we wouldn't have done it the way we did.


I remember a dream and wake up in it.


Memories and imaginations are dreams. What changes is the trigger.


El ego está hecho de lo que te gusta y lo que no te gusta. La muerte hace a lo que es.


Soñé con Bianca. Ella de chiquita había hecho una película.


I'm seeing it work. How can I deny it.


"Lo primero que hice fue diagramar con gusanos lo que tenga estómago" y el tipo dibujaba en un sueño.


What are you doing here, old timer?


Preying on our vices and weaknesses.


We perceive movement through particulares.


We are static.


You feel emotions now. You're living past lives.


When you think in abstract, it's about the sin. When in particular it's about the sinner. Don't confuse the abstract with the sinner. There's no correlation between the abstraction and the particular.


The universe asks you questions. You have to answer them. The universe supplies.


Integrate the mundane into spirituality.


Magical mindsets.


If you can avoid contributing to the madness it would be a great participation in the evolutionary process.


I think in written words.


Stay active.


I quit weed to get much more done in life.


Games are about exploring yourself in another medium.


Yo no falto el respeto al que conmigo no patine.


Undiagnosed.


Aprender a pensar en algo en lo que no estás pensando ahora.


Videogames turn players into storytellers.


War is propaganda.


If someone can, I can, because I live in no one else's reality.


You can substract something from every thought. 


Nuestro padre el arbol. 


By remaining silence I befriended people that otherwise wouldn’t. 


We are a bright light.


Rewrite history.


Understand order and create it out of chaos.


We do not have unconscious bliss.


The marriage of heaven and hell. William Blake.


Reason and energy, contraries?


Animals can't read my intentions. They read my actions.


I thought order was inherently natural and then believed humans weren't capable of many things. Life proved me wrong and I was sad and suffering because of it. I got sick from fearing I'd become it. Avoiding what I feared the most, turned me into it. Until I learned how the game works.


Every time you understand a new thing you are free from it. 


Our native land is not of this world. We get attached to life on earth, knowingly that we are going to die.


Afraid but excited to get to see death.


You can believe whatever, but afterwards, come back and see once again.


Every phrase can be transposed.


Con fe pura llegas a traer cosas reveladas que después tenés que intentar explicar. Ninguna de estas cosas significa por si sola.


Cosmology.


Meaninglessness is lack of conscious.


Antes vos podías vivir con medio ojo toda tu vida.


Pure consciousness without form or limit.


Power is always dangerous. It attracts the worst and corrupts the best.


Un oso polar y una pantera negra do not like that I shine light on it 


A wise man hiding the candle for me.


Jose walking down the aisle with a shiny dress, hot as hell.


Zore pregunta cuando viene con la cara metida en un plato de arena.


Un coso de chocolate que cambia formas en una pared.


Subo las escaleras desde la planta baja y mientras busco el depto del Caba voy escuchando una buena canción que ansío que sea de ellos. No encuentro en depto.
Abajo, en la entrada que da a la calle, dos tipos pintan un pescado.


Tiré un árbol gigante prendido fuego para aplastar un alambre y que otros pudieran pasar. Del otro lado se veía el sol. Yo veía un punto rojo. Solo del lugar donde estaba. Lo quise mostrar y me respondió "yo no veo de ahí". Cómo sabía, no sé.


Me iba en un avión de último minuto. Le encargaba a ella que si me olvidaba algo después le decía y me lo mandaba.


Las escuelas son las bajadas de línea del poder.


Close all schools.


Decía en un sueño, que no quería mezclar la espiritualidad con el negocio.


Lack of power on its own possibilities: privation.


Total absence of privation, absolute individual.


Waves could carry you. Transform yourself before they do.


Solipsism.


La crisis la precipitas más adelante porque cuánto más tarde salgas más vas a perder.


Hay shocks transitorios y shocks permanentes.


Commodities.


Physicists find particles that switch from matter to antimatter.


I have to choose every time. To work out. Not to smoke. To wake up. Not to eat and drink shit.


Insanity is looking for happiness in weird places.


Emancipación de una libertad creatural.


La Biblia contiene muchos géneros literarios.


Símbolo y realidad no se contraponen.


El símbolo se define por el hecho de que abre la realidad.


Mysterium Iniquitatis.


Los aelilim = los nada.


El lenguaje no existe es una dimensión real.


Los símbolos tienen una realidad subyacente.


El lenguaje es acerca de interpretar lo que quisieron significar. No las palabras que usan o lo que dicen. Lo que quieren significar es siempre el objetivo de la comprensión en la comunicación. 


Dei Verbum.


Nuestros prejuicios y la actual mentalidad positivista nos juegan en contra a la hora de buscar entender la significación ajena. 


Los espíritus no son directamente experimentables con métodos positivos. 


IQ de ciento noventa mil. 


Verdad lo que esta en nosotros Y en el mundo.


Potencias ultraterrenas. 


Perenne conflicto en la eleccion entre el bien y el mal. 


Sin tentación no es posible una verdadera existencia humana. 


Demonios tienen emisarios o representantes. 


No se puede aplicar un criterio diagnóstico al fenómeno tentación.


Jesus lived entirely in this other realm. 


“Tus pensamientos no son los de Dios, sino los de los hombres”. About death. 


Apóstol el que históricamente desempeñó el papel de tentador de Cristo. 


Somos soberanamente responsable de nuestros gestos? 


Nuestra relación con Dios es la de un espejo. Nos acercamos y se acerca. Nos alejamos y se aleja. It does exactly what we do. And the most we can see, is ourselves. 


Diabolos, adversario directo de Dios. Temible pero no invencible. 


Even a man can beat the devil. 


The relationship we have with the devil is one of brothers. With god also? It’s mirrored behaviour. What I do to others talk about me, not others. 


Condenación eterna, tormentos, imposibilidad de cambiar de ruta. Irrecuperables. 


Judas, mi hermano.