I am. Because I am this and that and every other. 


You take more of the thing that poisons you until you turn it into a tonic.


Comfort will kill our soul.


Sexual selection theory.


Reading. You underline thoughts. Words that are thoughts that are real. 


Filosofia de Dios es teologia. Filosofia del universo muy parecido a la poesia a la vez que es ciencia. Todos los modelos cientificos son primero filosoficos. 


El conocimiento esta adentro. No existe conocimiento sin nosotros. 


Venimos a conocer. Ayudamos a otros a conocer, solo si queremos. 


I’m seeing the path. The light that shines and makes my way. 


El punto donde se origino el universo es aleatorio. 


Weed puts you to dream.


He realised "you hate me".
I do not take that personally. That's the difference.


As close as it was it wasn't exactly.


Subrayo cualquier cosa que leo que puede ser un pensamiento en si mismo. Cosa que leo. En si mismo. 


Lo unico que existen son fuerzas. 


Fisica cuantica como una descripcion comun de fuerza y materia. 


Think of blood. 


I am and always was an observer. 


God is an observer.


La mujer es el principio pasivo de la creación. El hombre es el principio activo de la creación. 
El origen del universo es una concepción. Es sexo entre el padre y la madre.


God is almighty but unable to break logic.


Logos includes reason (purpose). Main difference between it and logic.


The void. The center. The universe.


The submission of the son to the father.


Christ taking human will and elevating it to divine status.


Anthropomorphic terms to understand spiritual concepts.


Partnership between masculine and feminine.


Collective individuality.


Ellos dejaron que viviera en la mentira. "Si no preguntaste no te íbamos a decir".


Solo te mereces saber lo que cuestionas, es lo que me decían.


There's fighting and there's work.


With God there's unlimited power. 


Going into the unknown and finding something that nobody thought about before. 


Adventure.


What's begun in anger ends in shame.


The universe is fractal. And God is fractal. 


The universe is as ordered as order you hold within.


The microcosmos equals macrocosmos.


Todos somos yo.


There's this new scientific religion.


The difference is between what you say and what you don't say. 


Reality could be at any stage.


Check what are the implications of your beliefs.


Intelligence contributions.


I do this because I find it the same way.


Product sufficient grace.


Adequate but not coercive information.


Me subía al auto para arrancar. Blas manejaba. Luna adelante. Una chica rubia a mi derecha. Faltaba subir Ojeda a la izquierda.


Noetic quality of consciousness.


When there's abundance people can afford to be good to each other.


Evolutionary interest that people have.


Who we wish to be and who we are is the same things.


I am mystic in essence because I can't prove myself.


Is being that allows becoming, and not the other way around.


Jesus has all the marks of someone who smoked weed.


Hate into compassion is closer to gold than it is to coal.


Holy anointing oils were weed.


Exodus 30 22/23.


"I need to go to this place" is a conclusion you make. Not a thought that pops up.


It is as fast as constructing a thought. Taking the wrong conclusion. I just have to believe in it.


This is role-playing.


There's water in water. There's fire on chrism.


Begotten es engendrar.


Que te de cringe no es natural.


How do I know if there's your favourite emotion.


There are no favourite emotions. Their intensity varies according to the amount of presence we have.


I used to travel deep down.


Never the body makes conclusions for me.


That's how you would feel. And yet they do it. You don't want to relive that experience.


Empathy is constructing a being outside of yourself.


Fix the eyes so the only law you obey is the natural law.


Le tete.


I should use more metronome around the house.


Quizás yo solo soy materia prima.


My style has to do with electricity and nature.


We have to integrate electricity into our religions. 


Don't be conservatives, expand your narratives.


Ants and electricity. 


Acaso no puedo esperar 20 minutos.


Lower the metronome to literally lower your pace.


Tibetan bowls because they didn't have metronomes.


You can split your time in any subdivision. It's more like one two three than one two three four.


What grounds us is truth.


Knowledge at the reach of our hands.


I can produce sound and light.


We are the textures we store.


Sensations and textures.


El padre del entendimiento.


Danger and play.


Education is teaching to desire the right thing.


Yo era bueno en lengua y matemáticas.


Jules Verne: "Anything one man can imagine, other men can make real."


Entrepreneurs and writers are not so different.


Fear is currency of control.
Attention even more.


They can't control you if you're not paying attention.


Como no me gustaba la escuela no prestaba atención.


Distractions could be others trying to catch your attention.


Subirse a hombros de gigantes.


Lo que es arriba también es afuera.


I'm exactly the type of person that would happen this to. Contrary to what I used to believe.


The best knows also the worst.


Condiciones iniciales inexplicadas.


Elemento intencional anterior a la existencia.


El árbol de la vida es ese que da total inspiración. La copa más alta y las raíces más profunda.


Solo diferimos en nuestros intereses.


Cada palabra que digo me marca. Pero no sé por qué elegiría no ser transparente.


Unidad y armonía.


Hay lugar para las diferencias en una unidad. Armonizan quienes resuenan diferente.


Solo me hace falta decir una palabra para representarla en mi mente.


La comunicación con el plano astral. Se logra. Primero se busca.


The golden eye sees all secrets. All mysteries. All passwords.


Unidad y armonía hay en un símbolo.


Whenever there's anvartist there's God and whenever there's God there's an artist.


Ser revolucionario no es tomar las armas. Es lograr un cambio exponencial en las ideas.


A las ideas solo las mueven las ideas.


Get ready for a session or revelation.


Get in touch with your subconscious mind and realise it's conscious but fast-paced.


The idea that the Messiah could have been deceived is legitimate.


Religious talk with implications.


https://youtu.be/mPQiov8wT0U
Anyone can be a Christ.


El sabio solo quiere más sabiduría.


Meditate between heaven and earth.


He's trying to mediate his abstract theory.


Heaven is meaning.


Earth is factual reality or concrete reality.


Adaptive lenses. That's what you should have.


Don't interrupt a lens with another. You're God at all times.


"I am" that's where everything parts from.


Speak forthrightly.


Earth means matter.


We separated meanings throughout history.


When your knowledge expands the word shifts.


Talk to the void and let it talk back to you.


Answers come like all others did.


Dying is a transition. 


We are not getting rid of that animal part.


If I had the carry the weight of the planet over my shoulder how much would it weight? Nothing at all. 


Heaven and earth are to planes of existence in which we exist.


Do they associate Eve with evil? The Bible is a story from the fathers to the sons.


The new testament is Jesus legacy. Father and son and brotherhood.


Brotherhood didn't mean a thing in this physical plane. It was a thing from heaven. It was looking at the other like an equal.


Heaven on earth, is that what this is supposed to become?


They associate Eve with evil.


If you look up there, is actually infinity.


Escuchar todo lo que siempre ha estado ahí.


Los estudiosos sintetizan y estudian la vida de otros.


Los conocimientos que yo tenía eran muy limitados.


La especificidad de la universidad de fritó la cabeza.


Ella era quien redirigía tus pensamientos.


Ellos querían que el abuelo me haga cambiar de parecer.


Mis ancestros también son mis viejos.


Esta teosofía universal de la que estamos hablando “es el cuerpo de verdades que forma la base de todas las religiones, y que no puede ser reclamado como la posesión exclusiva de ninguna de ellas.”


You can let your life to to waste.


Desde la Atalaya ves correctamente.


Desde la Atalaya. La mente humana.


Spacetime modification weapon.


My mind works accordingly to the stars.


A group of things Is always called something else.


The revolution is in its own axis.


There's a point where you say "I've had enough of that".


Constellations are stars together.


Shapes changes for us all.


With understanding of nature comes great power.


Vamos en contra porque hay algo que nos parece injusto.


The war boys vs girls will never be over.


The Great Hunter.


They don’t teach you how to enjoy the things they teach you.


4 parts of the flame of the candle. 


I embrace my mystic virtue. 


When something is broken it has to be fixed. 


Space is what we would see if nothing was there instead. 


Every particle of a rotating figure. 


Study physics. 


The planets do not stop turning. 


The christ comes from the most rotten of pasts. 


There is no gold with no coal. 


They bury our deads so we wouldn’t contemplate death. 


Mystics are mystery pursuers.


Nebuli. Luminous gas.


Taught by wood. 


I can fill my life with symbolism. 


We shouldn't feel bad about jesus. We should feel brave as him. 


Imagine you are 23 meters under the earth. 


“Hay que ver que escribís también”.


The space is not empty but filled with ether. 


Become self luminous body.


Self luminous body. Candle, sun. Meteor. 


Light bounces back. It is reflective. 


The reflective god. 


Prism. Three sided piece of glass. 


I send from the source to the void and get it back from the void. 


The void is forgottenism.


Point of light smallest and brightest. Focus. 


Different kinds of shadows.


Umbra and penumbra. 


Reading men from the past are the greatest works of fiction.


To answer to god is to answer to your own consciousness.


I have to narrow my vision to it and make it a lens to see the entire reality through it once again, and understand the other divine aspects I am not yet seeing. 


Every authors say whatever they want, what other people read is their problem. 


400 years ago. Galileo.


How does the earth cool down.


When am I being a true expression of myself? 


What do they mean. 


What do people mean. The question that drove my mind the entire time. 


I’m interested in meaning, not action. 


One temporal, one eternal. Two aspects of ours. One relative the other absolute. 


Time is sent wireless.


I want a cabin in the woods. 


I'll live by the forest.


There are illusions worth seeing because you once you do you not away from them.


Not fantasies but illusions.


Mí abuelo Carlos bailaba al lado mío. Mientras yo con la heladera abierta veía que torta hacer.
Al final de la carrera pasaba a todos mis compañeros de inglés.
Un vecino nuevo me ofrecía ir a buscar agua y llevar los bidones ahí a su casa. 
Comía cuatro huevos que había abierto en un tupper antes de ir a buscar agua. Le dije a mí hermana de meterlos en la torta pero ella cocidos no comía. Le dije que iba a comer eso mientras ella comía otra cosa.
Mi abuelo estaba al lado mío y elegí no preguntarle.
Me veía musculoso en el espejo.


Es ahora donde me doy cuenta que solo si quiero las respuestas las recibo.


Your brain can see one thing or another thing.


No llegamos a una etapa donde no necesitamos maestros si no que cualquier maestro está a nuestro alcance en internet. Cuando el alumno está preparado el maestro aparece.


What a feast for the equinox of the gods.


I'm just sad because I don't find clear water.


Speak now or forever hold your peace.


Knowledge. The light at the edge.


There's no abyss but mystery. We mystics bring light to the darkness.


Vos sabés más porque te guardas las cosas no porque seas más sabio. La información es de todos, quien la quiera ver qué la vea.


Become solar beings.


The second Christ will be the most creative.


Stand up over the shoulders of giants.


Reading Jung is for you to dream his dreams.


Learning never exhausts the mind.


We are all genius but most don't give ourselves the time. We look at it the other way around.


Genius have simple thoughts.


"Ugh I've had enough of that".


Some symbols don't say anything to me.


I never pretended that some knew more than others.


I was always looking at the real as if the only things that existed was material.


I've had enough of that is what we all say before embracing our bodies as full spirit. Becoming one with all that is ours.


MRE. Meal ready to eat.


Everything is interchangeable and communication proves it.


Bigger is better.


Algae comes from light.


I'm just painting my myth.


I identify with them because I am with them.


Bee therapy house. Entire systems built for you to understand something relieving stress and watching nature.


Nature so captivating you can't stop looking at it.


Whatever gets you out of your zone may be good.


The holy spirit is what makes you whole. 


In survival mindset sky's the limit when you're creative.


Walking in water, water being psyche. Being above and beyond psyche is what makes you God.


Progressives don't leave people alone.


She reacted as if I was wrong for believing what I did. 


I always answer out of belied and that is why I speak with truth.


Where's the place for people that want to be left alone.


In mysticism the eagle is a symbol of initiation.


Piri Reis map.


I am all those things and it doesn't mean anything.


What does it mean to be.


Did I see that or did I make it up.


A song that it will blow your mind.


What is superior to the world cannot be dissolved for it's eternal.


Balance every thought with its opposition. Because the marriage of them is the destruction of illusion. Aleister Crowley.


I am the most free because I know it.


Fidelity. Religion and science.


High fidelity.


Our consciousness would be different if the stars surrounding us would be different.


Libraries maintain the harmony and the mystery.


There's no going back after you've seen the truth.


The god spark and the human creative spark are the same.


Manifestation book "be a genie".


Training our self reflection to be instantaneous.


You throw just breadcrumbs.


Don't feel your thoughts with purpose. 


You mandate purpose.


Feeling chi with a purpose. E-motion.


Emotion is meant to be used just in the creation of it.


When you're finished with it you put it away. If you don't it will grow while you are not looking.


Emotion evolves.


I hated myself when I couldn't avoid seeing the pattern.


Just see the patterns.


Jesucristo el primero en despertar. Esa es la creencia.


Anointed porque una capa de aceite divino rodeando su cuerpo no le permitió pecar.


“It’s Adam and Eve, not Florence and the Machine.”


The devil works fast but capitalism works faster. 


I am become death, the destroyer of worlds. 


Every sentence can be used symbolically. 


Every symbol is true, since it is grounded in meaning itself and not in space.
 
No one belongs to this world. 


All things have a logos. 


Purpose, reason, end, origin. Logos. 


All things have an indefinite amount of logi.


The human being is a microcosmos. 


Adam named the animals. 


Understandment of the world is a refinement of our person. 


Sin is in the misuse of the world. 


Every thing has strings pointing out to heaven.


People, things and actions. 


At least in part it is for the propagation of the species. 


All logi need to be brought together in a pattern of some sort. Unified. 


Make a symbol out of  it. 


Every logi by its own is lacking. 


Falsehood comes from half truths.


To be good it has to move towards the infinite. 


Marriage of heaven and earth. 


Love is the thing where all differences can come together. 


What's the pattern in the most fucked up ways.


I can manage my anger.


God is an objective reference point.


God is at the center. Not one pole or the other.


Essential attributes.


Generosity; self sacrifice; equality.
Greed; abuse; discrimination.


Sense experience convinces us that the physical world is objectively real.


Atheism fails to provide a foundation.


The component is agency. Do you have it?


Stick to one tradition if you want to see the beauty of it.


Dragon hunter and a dragon heart.


Do comets start life on other planets?


Dragonheart.
That movie marked me as a kid.


Tools given are just a system of representations.


Witty is what you aim at.


* Get lost.
* I have a great sense of direction.


Love interest is what the characters have.


Everything in a script should point to infinity. It is not sex, it is love interest. Otherwise how would it be develop to infinity.


Space and time the only variables to write a script.


I'm giving all the capacity to write.


Is this just for me? 
You may ask and it will be a legitimate question.


Solo en la sombra existe lo otro, todo lo que no es yo. 


Solo sé que el mundo físico es real y otros existen porque sé que existe su sombra.


La sombra, todo lo que ahora no veo pero sé que existe.


There's always a scene used as a transition. 
There's always a shot used as a transition.


Dragon heart. That's what I am. The dragon, you're supposed to slay it out become it (the dragon gives you a part of his heart).


Either fuck em or become em.


They hate us cause they ain't us.


Meat is someone you don't like 


There are movies with tonal problems. Dragon heart and "as you wish" do not.


When you share you have a link.


You want everyone to make an exception for you.


Matteo Budda living up to his name.


La élite política.


Partidos políticos. 


Tomar partido, nada más bajo.


Mi primer voto fue Altamira.


Familia disfuncional.


Jesus of Nazareth became Jesus Christ.


Christianity is a becoming.


You have to see what documents have survived.


Into this political climate I was born.


Political climates.


Tax so the Messiah comes. 


Religious Communist thinks.


One temple for the once God.


Why Jesus came was more important than what he did.


Priestly figure.


Kingly figure. 
Son of David. Spiritual son.
To lead the war.


Natural processes of storytelling.


The Kingdom of God is both political and religious. It is about law.


Tre transforman en el momento en que cambias tus patrones de comportamiento.


Sodoma y gomorra un poroto al lado de esta gente.


Que estrechez focalizar tu atención en un caso particular. Un noticiero se supone que pase reportes de lo que hacen los funcionarios y los movimientos de la economía.


A subset cannot define a larger set.


How do you express your emotions properly when you don't feel any more than the annoyance of having to talk about it.


She insisted that I spoke.


Narrow it. Get through the eye of a need.


I answer with love and compassion for my own sake. 


I would never have feel bad about what I say.


Make your wits get sharper.


Yeshua se llamaba el loco que conocí en Trelew.


Subirse a los hombros de gigantes.


All energy is electromagnetic.


Mathematics turn factors into formulas.


The universe is a dark forest. Every civilization is an armed hunter stalking through the trees like a ghost, gently pushing aside branches that block the path and trying to tread without sound. Even breathing is done with care. The hunter has to be careful, because everywhere in the forest are stealthy hunters like him. If he finds another life—another hunter, angel, or a demon, a delicate infant to tottering old man, a fairy or demigod—there’s only one thing he can do: open fire and eliminate them.


I was not allowed to complain.


The princess bride was its name.


They show us just suffering so we do not complain.


Conservation of a circle is the basis for reality.


El mito también es verdad.


The object of all science, whether natural science or psychology, is to co-ordinate our experiences and to bring them into a logical system.


What's experienced different to all is impersonal.


Soñe que bajaban del cielo un montón de avionetas. Amsterdam era. Una mina al lado de quejaba: ya estuvimos en otros lugares y no vimos esto. Yo fui el primero en aplaudir, fascinado. Era realmente impresionante. Eran muchos. Y arriba quedó una matriz de colores. Al principio parecían naves extraterrestres. Resultaron extrañas avionetas.
Fermín diciendo en nada se parecen esto a Gualeguay. Hablando de la falta de cercanía. No sentía que pertenecía. Fue una estampa de tristeza.
Antes hablábamos mi viejo y yo con otro tipo en un baño. Ni se quién era. Ya no me acuerdo mucho pero estuvimos tratando de liberar un inodoro para los tres. 


En los sueños la emoción no nos pone en movimiento. 


Nadie siente que pertenece al mundo.


Find yourself.


Weird that I find an image of Mary just after dreaming about her opening her legs on a counter. Was more like a file sent than reality. But more of reality it felt.


Embrace your traditional strength. 


Become Adonis.


My self respect over her.


My moustache turns into a tree.


Founding a school of philosophy, that's my purpose.


I am one. You are one. We are one. They are one. She's one. He's one. 
Every subject is interchangeable. 


Love everybody but never sell your soul.


If you don't like something, take away its only power, your attention.


El bien y el mal llegaron al mundo.


Venerable señora.


Your mind is never in one place. You love the thrill of creating pictures with your words.


Leaving the present reality for short periods of time is what seems to keep you “alive”.


You’re making up mental.


Your eyes are never in one place.


Every experience as a goldmine.


Was language my first love?


I specialise in thinking and saying (if I believe necessary) hard truths.


“If he can write like that, I can too”.
Yes, because every subject is interchangeable.


Language is impersonal.


Sooner or later you find your voice and get better at your craft.


Minutes later, you’re scribbling away like you’re being chased by your thoughts.


Thoughts can chase your down.
At least that is what it feels sometimes.


I believe I cannot get better. Just wiser.


I want to be the writer other writers read. The thinker other thinkers listen to. A master of masters. 


Cocky? Fuck off. There's ways and ways of writing.


What were Jesus's girlfriends.


No hard feelings.


Without education I was lost.


I've educated myself.


Martyrdom had to be truthful. Not for glory or money.


Peace be upon him (pbuh).


Islam, purification of Christianity by prophet Muhammad.


I want to travel the Mediterranean sea in my own ship.


When you know someone, you hold their spirit.


I say the eye of a needle and later the same day I see the phrase in a sketch about Jesus and a pimp.


You can play high or low honour.


Every replay is different.


I can't keep eating just bread forever.


I have friends in spirit.


I translate everything into words.


Adding sense of caring for other beings.


Enlightenment is the beginning.


Peace, contentment, joy.


Thank you much.


Spiritual warfare.


The philosopher's stone is made out of subtleties.


Instrument of freedom and justice.


Holistic views.


Demiurge – A creative power from Platonic, Neoplatonic, and Gnostic cosmologies. Sometimes benevolent, sometimes actively malevolent, the demiurge is usually placed as a “second cause” below the “One” or ultimate God. 


You can only work out an open relationship only if you let the other person be the one free. You can choose to be alone most of the time and yet be with someone that you love when it's available. Not forcing, not bending. Unless the other person is possessive, it will work out.


Ontological mathematics, the mathematics of being.


Tracing back occult traditions to their origin is difficult for several reasons: many are so old that the physical manuscripts haven’t survived, many were passed down orally and thus leave no written record, persecution of esoteric and occult practices resulted in their intentional destruction by mainstream religious and government leaders, and the nature of keeping occult knowledge secret means it is easily lost or forgotten.


I’ve obtained the skill and habit of interrupting whatever it is that I’m doing when I decide I should do something else. 


It has always been me. 


I'm not only dreaming for myself. I dream for others as well.


Cuando expando semánticamente una palabra licuo su sentido. 


“Decís cosas formidables cuando es tiempo de escuchar”.
Parafraseando lo escuché en un sueño.


Soñé que todos los presidentes de todas las épocas y países se juntaban en una casa tipo gran hermano pero era un caos y todos contra todos como los juegos del hambre en una mansión.
"Usted me llamo presidente" le decía Franklin a Milei.


Era la cuarta vez que pasábamos por las mismas dos casas doblando para 25 de mayo. Hacía notar que siempre habían querido apropiarse de esa calle, que es la que más reformaban y más movimiento tenía.


Being a writer is the skill of holding thoughts.


Hay cosas que he escrito que están al pedo.


Wish me death.


Destroy my reputation by wishing me death.


The word was first.


Maybe it's not dark and light but silence and sound. But it's both and correlate.


Las verdades que no quería aceptar se volvieron ilusión.


Buscar no ser algo te convierte en eso automáticamente.


Es la vara con la que te medís la que te determina.


Stream of consciousness writing. 


“Llegará el día que será preciso desenvainar una espada por afirmar que el pasto es verde” - Chesterton


The word of today is deluded. 


Our story is unique for our planet Earth… We should cherish that, of all planets, we have this one. 


Cherish uniqueness.


I sit down always with something already written and something about to be writen. 


I am the writer. 


I feel like shit and angst is killing me. But I know, that this process is about dying, so let it kill me, so I can be born again. 


Wisdom goes past every thing considered true. 


I move forward without actually believing that I’m more than just being. 


Don’t marry everything you held as true. 


Risen. 


La nueva dictadura digital. 


Es la verdad un compromiso publico.


No se necesitan signos de pregunta para ver cuando una oracion considera o contempla otras posibilidades. 


Si me interesaran las politicas publicas seria politico. 


I spent a long time in closed curtains, not looking outside. 


Do you want to fast-travel? Close your eyes. 


Psychedelics are just a starting point. 


Aiutatemi.


Salperemo ancore insieme. 


Giá.


Scoprire.


Imparo italiano mentre imparo altre cose. Non la lingua da solo. 


E una trappola. 


Per loro e finita! 


Sapevo come distrarti. 


Nord. 


Mi piacerebe leggere lo qui altri dicenno. 


Capitano al timmone. 


The way others teach has a lot to do with a lot. 


What a fucking game. 


Write until words are stamped in your mind. 


I needed to heal in order to think properly. 


Loot the warehouse. 


What is true and what’s not can be discerned by the words used. 


Practiquemos el culto a la revelación. 


Sbrighiamoci. 


Il mondo e ancora in piedi. 


Troveró una altra strda. 


Non toccare nulla. 


Tu hai scelto di farlo. 


Spero che ne valga la pena. 


Ringraziarte. 


Gli assesini da la pace alla libertá. 


Es la semilla lo que importa.


Zuccone. 


Cavaliere. 


Il centre da server. 


Ogni mia aspetattiva. 


Sono deboli. 


Monarchy. One that comes from singularity to multiplicity. 


Secondo me, dobrebbi. 


Ora debo andare. 


Che cosa facciamo ora? 


Manuffato. 


Un bambino in giro. 


Il traditore. 


Pin saggio. 


Qui il padre della comprensione i guidi. 


Questo e il mio nuovo credo. 


Ci sono serviti. 


Siamo rinati. 


Asceto o rifinito. 


One cannot truly forget none. 


Make your body forget. Not you. 


Every thing that’s on command, I do not like. 


“A man may climb the ladder all the way to the top, only to realise he’s on the wrong building”.


Why are so many Christians untransformed by that truth? Because they are not Christians. Christianity implies transformation. Without transformation, there is no Christ consciousness. 


Christians are the ones with Christ consciousness, not mere followers of Jesus. 


Everything exists now and in this life. 


Jesus dreams of making love to Mary Magdalene while on the cross. 


Witnesses, always unreliable. 


Existe el curso forzoso del dinero. 


El curso forzoso del dinero es la extorsión. 


Deshonestos intelectuales. 


Sistemas anticorridas. 


No es sabio porque lo agarró la estupida ideología. 


Señoreaje.


Inflación se infla el valor. 


La falacia del todo por la parte. 


Un futuro o acciones defienden el valor de la moneda. 


Be with the ones that inspires you good.


Adventurous. 


Lookout for those whose limit your beliefs.


A qué ritmo el poder se asusta de los subversivos. 


Las cuestiones no llevan signos de pregunta. 


Las dudas no necesariamente son preguntas. Pueden ser formuladas como tal.


Preguntate si lo que te decis son dudas o certezas. Formulalo en forma de certezas. 


Implicancias psicológicas. 


La inspiración es la fuente de todo poder. 


Valor intrínseco menor al nominal. 


Curso forzoso cuando no te dejan mantenerlo. 


Buscan revertir una imagen. 


Desconectado del humor social.


Like an image from an old dream. 


Great changes require crazy actions. 


It is amazing how other people think abroad. 


There are many different paths to the same conclusions. 


You can move past all things. 


You can move past and future. 


Emptying your mind with presence is metaphorical death. 


Disbelief is a psychological defense mechanism. 


More than metaphorical death, it is metaphysical.


Metaphysically you can die and be born as many times as you are able to. 


Living legend. 


Todo libro puede leerse como si fuera filosofía. 


Filosofía es 1 de cada 1.


Los dioses romanos también venían de uno: Zeus. 


De los dioses antiguos se sabe mucho. 


Ori/nacer.
Occidere/cadere/caer/morir.


Morir es caer. 


CFK se iguala a Dios en un clip. 


A Perón y Evita se los consagró divinos post mortem.


Persecución por traición es ir en contra de ellos. 


Toman políticamente las facultades para que en tu rubro no veas el artificio. 


En estos gobiernos poder y derecho son términos intercambiables. 


Tenemos hoy a la cabeza a un tipo que pone la libertad al frente de todo. 


Para el gobierno progresista vale todo.


I can be any spirit I hold in. 


El Dios no es de Israel como si a Israel perteneciera. 


En este orden entiendo yo las cosas. 


Este es, otra vez el Reino de la Arrogancia. 


Molloch, dios de los ammonitas.  


El Cristo Redentor. 


Be reasonable with your beliefs. Faith alone won’t cut it. 


En el nuevo orden va a haber de todo en todos lados. 


El problema de las fantasías es que muchas no son realistas. 


La gracia de la contemplación es que las fantasías están ancladas a la realidad. 


Templo de Jerusalén.


Build a mind map. 


Los conceptos se subordinan de los las generales


Templo de Jerusalén, centro de la religión judía. 


Interactive experiences aren’t just entertainment. 


Hecateo y Manetho. 


Leyendas populares corrientes. 


Los nombres tienen distintas acepciones. 


Extendí mi mano y la agarré a ella. La primera. 


Solo en mi vida todo lo que sea fuente de inspiración. 


One chapter a day. 


I cry with my own songs. 


Transcribing is working. 


A cuántos misterios sos capaz de entrar, se reduce tu sabiduría. 


Cuantos más misterios sos capaz de comprender, mayor es tu sabidiría. 


Que determina la sabiduría? Si no son, para nada, datos aislados sobre hechos fácticos. 


Alexamenos sabete Theon. 


Sabaoth/Iao Sabaoth. 


Nabucodonosor. 


So many names in history. 


Waking up is about obtaining new eyes. 


I’ll be condemned by my own words. 


They all became jewish at some point. 


Culto puro a un ser supremo sin forma ni sustancia. 


Métodos de conversión de la Iglesia. 


They want us to know evil in the flesh to go and save our souls. 


You can’t destroy religion. 


Emparedado: entre paredes. 


Arrogant and too protective vs harsh and coercive. 


Christians (catholics) believe in Idol worship. 


There are no mistakes. 
Just not being wise enough. 


Tu consmovisión depende de tus creencias sobre la condición humana. Si crees que son todos degenerados, ese es el mundo en el que vas a vivir, y eso te incluye. 


Florecer. 


Las naciones son sus gentes, no sus autoridades.


El liderazgo es natural; la autoridad forzosa. 


La iluminación de los gentiles. 


Yahveh Sabaoth/Iao Sabaoth. 


Mysticisim is at everyone’s reach. 


Contemplate the empty sky. 


La verdadera religión es el culto a la revelación. 


Pontifex Maximus. 


See the beauty in judaism. 


Oráculos espureos. 


It is not the one true god just because it is theirs. It is the one true god because it is the one true mystery. 


God is the name of the mystery. 


Dispersión judía y celo misionero. 


Elohim = Allah = God. 


Abrahamic religions. 


Adam ->Abraham->Moses->Jesus->Mohammed.


Same God but not the same belief.


Church -> place of idolatry. 


Everything that happens now has a leader that makes it happen. 


Same source, different belief. 


Muslims also believe in Jesus. 


“Have a nice day”. 


Espacio aspiracional. 


No es que el cerebro puede ser engañado sino que es una capacidad la de sentir extra corpóreo. 


My father lives through me. 


I can’t say weird things without them being lies. 


The new temples are online. 


Jewish don’t accept Jesus. 


Descendant of King David. 


Organized religions have resolutions to all theological problems. That’s what makes them magical in the end. 


Book of Daniel is obscure. 


 El dolor es la debilidad que abandona el cuerpo. 


Christological approach can’t be considered proof because of the other interpretations. 


God’s agent for rebuilding the temple: Messiah. 


Prophecies of Isaiah. 


Ezequiel, quasi messianic figure. 


The only thing you truly have is how you see the world. 


The ultimate Messiah. 


You can match things up with prophecies. 


A text cannot be a proof if/since there are multiple interpretations to a text. 


Everything resonates. 


The best way to evangelize is to become a saint. 


Loosing ground on the discusion. 


Transformative aspect of christianity. 


The best way to go for it is beauty. 


Osiris. King of the underworld. 


Tap into that power. 


Nothing can be untriggered but all can be transcended. 


I’ve already lost many lines. 


If everyone is harmful, you are the on harming yourself. 


Statements about all others are talking about yourself. 


Four is the one of the next round. One, two, three, four/one.


No importa que tan interesante sea lo que tenés para decir si no es momento. 


Wonder about the things you don’t now instead of writing certainties. 


Somos agentes de nuestro destino. 


La mente no discrimina fuentes. Todo proviene del mismo lugar. Misma fuente, la unidad. 


Read what I wrote and tell me I didn’t understand. 


El punto es más que el símbolo. 


El punto es el símbolo más simple. 


El punto también dice algo. 


Every point is a symbol.


For the Spirit everything could sound true. 


Mind maes proof for belief. 


Meaning is spaceless and timeless. 


Meaning is where belief comes from. 


Meaning is an active process. 


Instant self reflection is the cult of revelation. 


Jung didn’t surrender to his fantasies but wrote whatever came to mind at the time that came to mind. 


No one digs things on purpose. 


Lo único que importa es que yo sepa lo que quise decir. 


áéíóú.


In-tuition.
Internal teaching. 


Images are not meant to mean but to represent. 


I find in not having to do anything, the will to do things. 


Negativo es el espacio en donde todo lo positivo existe. Su cancelación es igual a cero. 


Whatever I discovered, It always already happened in histroy. 


Everything is factual, everything is true. 


Inner tuition is all you need. 


I hate wasting time undoing. Undoing is redoing: an active process and like every process it takes physical time. 


I’m still unlearning the things they tried to teach me in university. 


I want novelty but I can’t not have it. 


Religion is the juicy stuff. 


Novelty is inevitable. 


36 hours with no sleep. 


Why would Jesus go pray if he was the son of God. 


He submited his will to his father. 


Physical trauma. 


Las ideologías dividen al mundo en blanco y negro. 


They break the family making it dysfunctional. 


Hay que ver cuales son las fuerzas que operan de afuera para adentro, asi como las que operan de adentro hacia afuera. 


“The power of positive thinking”. 


It’s my right to say what I believe is true because thath’s what I do and wouldn’t be otherwise. 


The transformative power of writing. 


Cult to writing. 


Worship revelation. 


We only exist here and now. 


Paralelogram. 


Intuition is gone in higher dimensions (mathematicians say).


Five platonic solids.


Homeomorphic. 


Embedded in higher dimensions. 


Now I realise how stupid most of my teachers in school where. Even they didn’t know what they where teaching exactly. 


Dice: platonic solid.


It’s realizations that make you free. 


They make your mind an inhabitable place. 


Playing my songs always makes me feel good. Relaxed. Bright. 


En la carrera de filosofía te enseñan a citar filósofos y no a filosofar. Antes, los filósofos decían lo que creían que era verdad. 


Videogames allow you to see other things. 


Vos sabés explicar por qué lo que pensas es verdad, aunque termines estando equivocado. 


Games awaken your imagination. 


I understand why many can’t trust me. 


I have no issues trusting newfound connections. 


Total disbelief is the lost answer before building on belief back again. 


I wish everything you wished was true so you’ll learn to be careful with your words and thinking. 


It’s paper. You can easily fall in love with it. It’s tangible. 


Why are people looking for saints as if they were magicians. Sains shine by their grace. 


There’s a voice in my head that dares me to say things. Eventually I’ve been listening and daring. That’s how you surrender. Daring to listen to the deepest truths. 


You find true through belief and not against it. 


Don’t be brave in the wrong direction. The biggest thing possible. 


One can say without saying. Proof we are God. We don’t intend to say a thing, yet it is said. 


There’s what we percieve, what we ignore, and what we choose to say. There is say without saying because everything you say implies other thing. 


Millions of interactions with people. none aware of implications. 


I say when It’s enough. 


Escribir es como dibujar, pensaba de chico. 


Filosofar es recolectar preguntas que alguna vez te hiciste. 


The good is the real. 


Everything implies something else. 


The words someone once said may mark you emotionally, forever. The body of emotion is not useless, so don’t resent it for giving you fear, or sadness. 


Good and evil can only be found in what’s real. What’s mythical is only a dream.


They tested us to see if we could stop believing the things we believed. 


Hay que ser minucioso con la forma en la que uno se imagina las cosas. 


Solamente soy una persona muy aferrada a sus creencias. A ellas si las amo. Amar a todos como amas a las creencias. 


Solo amas u odias tus creencias. Mas alla de tus creencias no hay para vos nada mas. 


Creative writing. 


Ways to wake up the third eye. 


You have to have something that you have to do. 


Nietzsche understood horses because he managed to go full intuition; back to monkey a few times. 


You are the entirety of all the ones you have been. 


There’s multiplicity in unity. God is paradoxical. The first unit. The first dot. 


To talk about possibilities you talk in double negatives. 


You don’t need the measures to think about something. 


The bible of the creative. 


I will do plenty for humanity if they let me. 


Some thought are interchangeable. 


Don’t get obsessed over one subject. 


I kept thinking, what if they are wrong? 


The new (modern) world is directly stupid.


The importance of phrasing. 


There isn’t just one phrase for all things. Novelty requires creativity. 


All over implies within and without. 


I see the new world more than the old. The one noun is the old. 


Hipocresía es usar el espejo hipócrita. 


Explore just the bottomless questions. Neverending depth. 


All is true for spirit. 


Every possibility is true. 


Botomless pit. 


Botomless spit. 


Sound should be comfortable. 


Check if it is massaging or hurting your ears. 


I can listen to myself with the recorder as a microphone. 


Monitor while you record. Say bright stuff. Edit it. Publish it, filled with images. 


La vida es un montón de espejismos. 


It’s as if. 


You learn even if you don’t want to. Do not resist learning. Embrace understandment. 


You just need to find the subtleties and the strong points of our song. Intensity. 


Value of traditional roles? 


Pulling up the ladder. 


Locking the door behind them. 


Drawing the bridge behind him. 


“Cultural consultants”.


They made us analyze fascism.


Trust your criteria. 


Comedic timing. 


How do you start stand up? 


Make people happier. Dissapointment can’t destroy all of what we’ve done. Beliefs remain even if they destroy our image. 


“Don’t worry, they’ll fix you”.


“I hope they do a trick”.


The communist revolution. The ascension of that sate. 


Deleting iconography, structures and intelectuals. 


They are creating a new mind and a new world. 


The end of an ion. 


Predits the endpoint.


Postulate action plan. People execute it. He just proposed a plan. Marx. 


Marxism already changed things for good now it needs to stop. 


You just need a plan. 


There are communists that aren’t marxists. 


Dissempowering. Gives meaning but no call to action. 


We have something we can do. 


You cannot change the world, you just share your truth with it. 


Share your truth with the world. Then you’d be living int ruth. 


Things have to play themselves out. 


Basta con moverse con cuidado. 


Que me humillen así, podría pasarme. 


No es que quiera hablar así. Es más allá del querer. Es hacer con lo que tengo, lo que puedo. 


I will never get the true meaning. 


I’m outside meaning. Meaning it all. 


Could I be one of the great minds, or go delusional. 


The chalice is being able to laugh once again. Light-spirited. 


Become a saint. 


Transform yourself to hold something together and as a seed bringing new beginnings. 


If what I think is real or false, does not matter. 


For the real world, I do not exist. 


No entienden la sencillez de estar bien con lo poco que uno puede hacer. 


Piss on your most shamefull day. 


Authoritarianism is coming. 


Best way is to be a saint in the world as much as possible. Something to bind us together. Move into this crisis. 


Not be cowards. There are things coming. 


We are becoming shelves. 


Angsty. 


Times of peace are turning horrific. 


Fear turns you into gollum. Or become saint. 


Becoming satan is shinning light on the bad. 


Lucifer carries light for all of us. 


Satanism is stupid because it worships matter. 


The best religion is the one that worships the infinite sources. 


Revelation is the only source. 


I call revelation to the substance from where you get all of your information. 


Walking to death with dignity. 


A hidden life. Terrance Mallick. 


Intense stuff. This little seed is growing. 


We need to be aware that is coming. It’s coming soon. 


Can I not do anything. 


Una cosa es que sepan donde estás, otra que te manden a buscar. 


Be aware that is coming because it’s coming soon. 


High openness: artists. 
Artists not realists. 
Realists do not truly exists. The basis for true art are equally grounded as the bases of reality. 


Reality is art in itself. 


Visionaries. 


Consciousness and the creator. 


I always see different things. 


Novelty is there even when you do not look for it. 


Systems thinking. 


Lost in the realm of ideas. 


In anima. 


Logistical sufficiency. 


Emotionality of reality. 


Power, energy in one point. One job. One work. 


Dealing with real risk. 


High human skills to achieve peace. 


Manifest your potential. 


Time is tyranny. 


We fell together. We rise back up. 


Danger and play. 


Sort out the realistic things. 


Lock in logistical thing. 


Stock in the right food. 


Get down and get dirty. 


The creative impact happens in short periods of time. 


Deal with the mundane. 


Creative mental illness. 


Every mental illness is creative in nature. 


Random phrase generator. WP. 


Wise is the art of knowing the best. 


Develop a sufficient taste for it. 


Sufficiency. All that is needed. Sufficient taste, sufficient reason, sufficient will. 


Idealism is an ability. Dark and difficult gift. 


Logistics of secrecy. 


In their faces. 


The anima inspiring us give us sufficient will and motivation. 


Significant change in the world by two hands. 


Lack of adaption. 


Preparing future that is not even here. 


La naturaleza trata a los artistas como carne de cañón. 


Nature doesn’t care about the individual at all.


Yoga mats. 


Nature experiments with artists. 


From single to multiple or from multiple to single. 


Multiplicity is conflict or harmony. Singularity is begninning and end. 


Rip their souls out. 


Art. The dreams of a culture. 


Psychology of the collective. 


Challenge the ego of the collective. 


Master the mundane. 


Don’t be shady. Whole person. 


Cultural artifact. 


Fight the cultural war. 


Religious men are in nature peaceful men. Not peaceful men aren’t religious. 


Media originates homogeneity. 


Internet came to solve the problem of pyramidal information spread. 


Feel breath with other than healing. 


Coming back to transform the culture.  Generate a true change. 


You can’t force a system. All working systems are voluntary. 


No one is above the law except for the law makers. 
(“Everybody wants to rule the world” sounds in bardcore as I transcribe this).


The joker always set the rules. 


There’s no objective good interpreted from a deed. What interests you, defines you. 


Nicola Cruz in Iguazu falls. 


Imperativos de marcha. 


No voy a volverme a corregir todo. 


Superar el miedo y aterrizar en la pagina. 


No sirve la creatividad a trompicones. 


Immerse in creativity. 


Fuse wording with visuals and sound. 


The day I discovered my powers. 


She hangs herself in front of him. 


La energía vital se expresa a través de nosotros. 


All writings are free from license. Use them, compile your own books with it. 


Crear es escuchar voces ocultas. 


Escribir es un acto de total libertad. 


From singularity comes chaos and order. 


Se supone que si tengo esos talentos debo emplearlos. 


I decide what goes into the blog. 


Stay on the surface. Roots grow on their own. Plant the seed. 


Los artistas deberíamos ser más fáciles de enseñar.


Tengo una página web.


Espiritualidad creativa. 


Siendo creativos nuestras vidas se convierten en nuestra obra de arte. 


Awaken your creativity trying to imagine God. 


In abstracto does not mean fake. 


“Tírate y aparecerá la red”.


Espiritualidad y creatividad son lo mismo. 


No creo, sé. CJung.


No hay que temer por abrirse a una creatividad mayor. 


I’ll build the chapters in google docs and then publish them. One by one, long or short. Just one piece of meaning for each chapter. 


La fé te da vista. 


The second rebirth of humanity. 


I lost the thing I valued the most. 


Go along with reality. Never against it. 


En cada vuelta de espiral estás en otro nivel. 


Es emocionalmente tumultuoso. El despertar espiritual, creativo. 


Tormenta interior. 


Ralph Waldo Emerson. 


Menos vulnerable a los caprichos de los demás.


La reducción a cenizas. Luto por el yo que abandonamos. 


Comenzamos desenterrando nuestros sueños.


I’ve dealt with anxiety for a living. 


I’ve always lived in my own dream. 


El cine experimental juega con el tiempo. 


Placer y asco. Thanatomorse. 


Momentos oníricos. 


Consciousness plays a part on making things one. 


I myself don’t understand my own writings and make mistakes transcribing. 


This unity, embodied in the present moment. 


Empezá light. 


Jump into unity.


Unity is us. In this unity we are at the image of God. 


God is the most powerful idea. It is the negative. The spiritual realm. The soul moves. Spiritual forces in life are perpetual movement. 


Did we come here knowing we’d suffer this much? Did we come to life voluntarily?


There are genuine question even if they sound ridiculous. 


People didn’t like the eternal ideal, because It made them perfectionists, pretentious, hypocrites, pricks. We are divine, we are eternal. But we can’t live like that. 


The eternal makes everything a risponsibility. 


Becoming frustrated is step one on becoming the worst version of you. 


You can drain yourself. Save your energy for the good creations. 


What matters is not a matter of importance but of actualization. It only matters what becomes. 


Help us get the key to somethingmore. 


Wilfull ignornce. 


Full expression of flow. 


Don’t work out your personal myths with parents. 


Life has its bad trips. 


Smoking is an alchemycal process. 


You can’t clean without thinking about it. 


The life of a writer is delusional. Full of transformation. The path of becoming in the realm of dreams. 


The transformative aspects of yourself are within and in the realm of dreams. 


I ask myself what exactly should I do. Move other forces without would carry other consequences and imply other types of action I don’t know I’m willing to make or if it’s worth it. 


Your position may be the best position you could be in. 


I was scared: what if those are my dreams? And then started having them. Now I know I chose my own dreams and for that, I now choose wisely. To manifest in correspondance. 


Why dream what you are not willing to manifest? To understand.


Dreams are there first to understand, then to manifest. 


They mess up our notion of the condition of human nature. Man can’t be inherently wrong. 


Encuadernar carpetas termoencuadernadora. 


Con mover la curiosidad ya has hecho suficiente. 


You can believe that someone is within you. 


Por qué tienes ese nombre? 


Cada gran persona tiene una leyenda y varios nombres, o varios nombres de leyenda. 


Las leyendas de tu vida te bautizan. 


Chris Rock: “I’m glad it was just him and not the other boyfriends as well”. 


Redoblar la apuesta. 


What prophets did before me. 


Engrendados para un tiempo escaso. 


La vida es corta, largo el conocimiento.


Arrebato contra la naturaleza. 


Perdernos demasiado tiempo.


Inversores de tiempo. 


Organizar la vida. 


Por qué nos quejamos de la naturaleza?


Te agotan distintas cosas. Avaricia, lujuria. 


They talk about this matrix that is nothing but a stereotype. 


It is clear how far in our perception reality is grounded. 


“Chan” es uficiente. “Hola” es suficiente. 


Uno encuentra para utilizar, aquellas palabras con las que se siente más cómodo. 


No desafíes a las palabras.


No desafíes a la naturaleza. 


Solamente la gente que la vive (ve) bien, puede contar bien las cosas. 


No necesariamente las buenas historias tienen que estar ancladas en hechos facticos. 


La idea es describir en palabras, algo que es verdad hasta lo que entonces era una imagen. 


People are so idiotic that they could make another conclusion to the same test. Draw different conclusions to the same data. 


We are idiotic in nature. 


I expected philosophers to be respected. 


It’s not about how you take things but how you give them. 


Sitting down is for rest, not for work. I write standing up. 


 The reach of propaganda is generational. 


Close your eyes, nothing more. Close your life and experience life for a few minutes. 


They made me develop a likeness for the ugly. 


Whatever is copying, I say “they made me” even if the last choice was mine. You can be ignorant, but still the responsibility is yours. 


`        You are responsible for thinking things through. 


We are energy and energy is neither created nor destroyed. We change form.


Every truth has its correspondence in every dimension.


Language is true about all possible dimensions.


You cannot just hold your thought.


Light is all intertwined near the sun.


A true master recognizes the most the process of learning.


A true master is patient with his students.


El trauma no es para conmigo sino con los demás.


Lo que la escuela mejor hizo fue sacarme las ganas de aprender.


They 80’s are mythical for those who didn’t live it. 


Tiene dos componentes, estado y sensación. En sync o conflictuada. 
Si hay conflicto es que hay dos fuerzas antagonicas. 


Synthwave great music for studying, typing, learning, late at night. 


Concluyeron en un estudio científico que la marihuana entreveraba tu pensamiento porque los pacientes así lo escribían. La verdad es que eso es una suposición. 
No podrá ser una verdad porque es inferencia. 
Cuando la experiencia contradice al estudio, el estudio esta mal. No el estudio, sino su conclusión. Que una serie de pacientes no pueda concentrarse a partir de un estudio no concluye que la sustancia sea el determinante. 


Entiendo por que a mano se escribe desde el margen izquierdo, pero no entiendo por que lo hacemos también así en la computadora. Es aún más rápido de leer porque cuando la oración es más corta empieza mas cerca de donde quedaron nuestros ojos al finalizar la línea anterior. 


Darkness outside of home gets too dark. 


Distrust the ordinary. That hides the most secrets because he does it to himself. 


Siempre estuve haciendo piruetas mentales. 


La locura es para reírse. 


The most powerfull idea struck me in the moses movie. The most fundamental of all ideas. The idea of power. Of becoming king from being a slave. 


Slave only wishes to be king. 


The thing is, if you are king, you are monad. 


If you are free, you are no longer a slave. 


The simpler encloses greater truths. 


The most fundamental idea (for you) is god, for you. 


The beginning and the end of all ideas, starting from the first point of every idea ever, that is god. 


Could there be nothing instead of something. 


Perfect, exactly as things are. 


Just write in the fucking blog. 


Share the link (book) with blog. 


How then, if not looking nature, could they have had those thoughts. Tesla, el que inventó la birome, einstein, el de Anne con E. 


Because it is, something is instead of nothing because it was inevitable. 


God has a need for us.


God needs us to evolve.  


“Who’s winning?” has no easy answer. It happens all around the world, all across universes. Depende de cuanto te hayan labado la cabeza con tanto miedo. 


Lavar la cabeza es metáfora de diluir los significados de las palabras que utilizas para que te confundas. Cuanto mas confundido estás, más lavada tenes la cabeza. 


Es bueno evolucionar en otras cosas que no sean el odio propio, que es por reflejo el odio a todas las cosas. 


Todas las cosas son vos mismo. 


Lo propio está allí donde los otros no están. Las extensiones de. 


They thought the pirituetas mentales didn’t apply to anything else. 


Las extensiones de lo propio en los objetos es simbólica y una extensión de ser. La extensión es mágica. Las fuerzas que lo vinculan son externas e invisibles. 


Cambio letras de lugar por ejemplo. Es el baruyo, barullo, barusho. 


Ask the right questions to evolve in the right direction. 


We grow exactly like a plant, we need the sun to grow towards. 


I don’t want to interrupt other people’s peace. 


My old oven, my old toilet board. 


Horror makes you feel uneasy. 


We forgot the beauty of old values. 


Indoctrination didn’t happen in all eras. 


We all have our demons. 


Pasión por la guerra. 


Voluntaria esclavitud. 


Escasa es la porción de la vida que nos toca. 


Fijos en su pasión. 


El ha inclinado sus oídos a tus palabras. 


No podías estar con otro sino no estar contigo mismo. 


Retórico de prestigios. 


Knowledge gives hope. True has been there at all times. 


The movement of truth through history. 


Leave science to science, but nothing else. 


Cientific thought stupidizes our brain. 


Cientific minds only consider what’s factual. That is poverty of mind. 


El espacio que vivimos, no es vida sino tiempo. 


Aprender a vivir y morir. 


El presente se nos va de las manos. 


El tiempo en sus tres momentos. 


Solo el sabio es el único capaz de disfrutar integramente de la vida. 


You can get lost in words. 


Insanity comes from language and not from past experiences. 


Madness is the conclusion we tell ourselves. 


Don’t say I’m wrong, say you don’t understand how the time was used. 


Tiempo, el valor más preciado. 


La más valiosa de todas las cosas. La piedra filosofal es el bloque de verdad que cada filósofo ha llegado a construir. Cada filósofo tiene la suya. Entre todos conforman el bloque de saber humano. 


Nadie te restituirá tus años. 


Una página tras otra.


El tiempo. Jamás se detendrá, jamás cambiará de rumbo. 


Para morir hay que tener tiempo. 


Qué materia es la de Dios? 


They always talk about the same realm. 


Sooner or later, we all get it. 


Los actos más libres de todos, no son impuestos. 


La profecia autocumplida es que por el castigo mundano, el más mundano se vuelve divino, y asi divino vuelve a lo mundano y lo transforma. 


El camino del heroe es un camino de sabiduría. 


Ningún acto impuesto es libre. 


Dedica el ocio para la sabiduría. 


Todos los años adquiridos para ellos. 


Los trabajos de otros nos conducen. 


No es posible debatir con Sócrates. 


The world gave up. Stopped trying. Life is too much of an effort. Then work to work and come back to the TV.


Lo único que me diferencia de un loco es que yo estoy con la verdad. 


Místico sería si tuviera sobre mis sueños otra interpretación. 


The greatest questions to ask to historical texts. 


Ser historiador es mucho como ser librero. 


Quiero morir tapado de libros y polvo. 


Como vas a odiar las viejas historias. 


Ante la duda, escribo. Peligroso es no tener prioridad, hacer lo primero que se cruza interrumpiendo lo anterior. Ej: elegir fumar en vez de escribir. 


Deep thinking requires time. 


Me va a llevar bastante tiempo transcribir todo. Es engorroso, pero tengo que hacerlo. Es mi único trabajo con el que tengo verdadera responsabilidad. 


Cuanta niebla arrojan sobre nuestras mentes. 


Este es el jardín del Edén hecho infierno. 


I believe with each stem I’m nailing it. It may as well be the nails to the cross. 


Tenemos el poder de ajustarnos, llegando al centro. El corazón. 


The cross represents suffering and pain. 


Every cigarette smoked writing was worth it. 


Do I agree with the things I say? 


Ajustado, vi ahí el abandono que había. 


El despertar espiritual es el proceso de individuación. 


Become greater, become one. 


I write things to think about. I don’t always agree with the things I say. 


I say things I don’t mean when I don’t agree with what I say. 


Every thing that is meant is agreed on. 


I’m a hypocrite when I act against what I believe, not against what I say. I’ve contradicted more times that I can count to, and I plan to keep on doing it for the rest of my life. 


A la impotencia se le responde con entrega. 


Direct from the source. 


I can’t think about myself through what I think others believe about me. I can’t confirm whether things that appear in my mind are true or false. They have the potential to be both. Requires interpretation. 


Writing is racing your hand with your mind. A race between them. Who’s fastest determines the course. 


Si esperás a que el otro termine de hablar es muy probable que entiendas eso que al principio creíste no entender. 


You can realise the propaganda’s mechanism. 


Knowledge is that deep. Humanity can’t reach the bottom nor the top. 


You start from the center of all things. 


I see Images, one after the other. I narrate what I write. One sentence after another. My wrist is sore, my head is itchy. Let me play you a song. 


People won’t like what I have to say. 


I don’t have to fear the people who are with me. 


Falta coraje. 


I play with ideas. 


I play with the idea of putting two parts that belong nowhere into the same song. 


Courage. Strength beyond fear. 


Beyond is a variable not present in reality. It’s zero. Zero is God. Both nothing and its totality. 


Study trance.
Study thought.
Study mind.
Study flow.


Evangilzation through memes. 


I see reality much clearer since I understand my dreams. 


Prepared but not scared. 


Prepare for when they cometo get you. 


Probably most likely things will improve in the future. 


No se dejan ver. Los “negros”. 


I was confirming my own nonsensical premises. I thought that when two thoughts were binded once could never be unbinded, because that’s what I once heard.


History was waiting for you. Fame is not for free. 


Our tools are our beliefs. 


What makes you the greatest candidate to be on your own shoes. What will make you the greatest man. 


Crying for parent’s love is pointless and stupid but you will go through it. 


Don’t evaluate too soon or too close. 


People hold on too much to their feelings. 


I loose time smoking sometimes. 


The posts I read were the seeds.


Tip toe or swim, you can’t avoid it. 


Con las personas que te drenan se acaba el amor. 


I never doubted his true intentions, until I did and then forever lost trust. 


Can trust be recovered. 


The only thing that is mine is creativity. 


Dreams dissolve in thin air. They evaporate. 


Los ideales políticos se acomodan solos una vez que cambias los fundamentos de tu existencia. 


Tu experiencia depende de tu interpretación de la realidad. No hay fundamentos naturales. El fundamento natural es la creencia. 


A nadie le gustan los curiosos. 


Las cosas no tienen gracia sin curiosidad. 


Pone mal saber que otro está experimentando lo que yo con ella. 


You could think “did I just made that up?” or “did I actually see it?”


I do not know you because you don't know the day or the hour.


The wild power of imagination and suggestion.


Idea and reality are one and the same.


You control the waters with your reflection. You being the sun.


Deny all needs.


No me hagas favores si me lo vas a reclamar después.


Sole que hacíamos masa de pizza en el piso para que unos zombies se queden pegados.
Vi un comentario en YouTube que hablaba de hordas de zombies en sueños y dije "ah mira yo nunca he soñado algo así" y ahora lo sueño. Tendrá que ver.


Antes de volver a tierra, grounding.


A metaphor is a meta phorma. A shape. A shape talking about another shape.


Donde estoy estoy en la vidriera. 


Everyone could see what this is becoming. 


The flood is sudden collective consciousness change. 


Can I lower the volume with the power of my head. 


El tabaco es el veneno con el que alimentamos eso que elegimos no matar sino subordinar al mínimo orden. Un ritual sin causa ni consecuencia. 


I can entertain the stupidest of ideas. 


If I became obsessed it's because it resonated. 


The mental issues, they call them growing up. It is so fucked up most believe it is the natural process. 


You can resonate with anything if you are in the right tune. 


I don’t have all the answers nor have I found the all the questions. 


Better questions remain unanswered. 


When is it time to unleash the paranoia. 


One move well done is better than two poorly excecuted. At life you get one chance. Instants pass by. You either catch the train or you don’t. 


How many writers died without realizing true beauty. 


The lives of people have colour. 


“You can’t rely on anyone” is not a good message. It’s also not true. 


I was scared of ghosts. Being scared of ghosts is the one genuine horror. 


Everyone can experience what I did. 


Everyone can experience what you do. Lead by example. 


Con el tiempo se te va desviando la mirada. 


Escribiendo es lindo estar al centro de la hoja. 


It is a method that can be flawed at times.


I’m here with bugs all around. Dead some; crickets sound outside. One flying and hitting over and over the lamp that is on, over my head. 


Madness has no bottom. 


Mientras el cuello esté suelto no es mala mi postura (para el cuello). El cuello puede de por sí sostenerse. 


Se toman todo personal. 


Tiene arranques. Y no se precisaron muchos para asustarme. 


En la familia se hablan para cuidarse. Al menos así se supone que lo hagan. 


People believe that people who know them will judge them. 


Jesus based his saying in things he saw somewhere else. The path he was marking was there from the beginning. 


Desire less. How do you do that? Decide the right things. Find out what’s best for you. 


No one but you has the answers for you.


There are always enough resources to be creating. 


Si me tiran la página empezaré otra por otro lado (abre desde el punto que se me cante la verga).


I will creatively do good. 


The traditional way of doing politics is not for me. What we see is just the screen for what really happens behind close curtains. 


There’s always margin from creativity. 


I guess I am mostly catholic in culture. 


It’s okay to make all forces present and realisable. 


There are texts they reject. 


The revolution is true spirituality. The one true religion. The one we didn’t see until now. 


The one true religion has no tradition since it is only here and now. And here and now knows no other than what we see and here and think. 


The particulars are always all wrong; at list interpreted. 


Interpreted and wrong are not the same, but if there are other possibilities of interpretations, it is neither right. 


We’ll always end up making the same conclusions no matter how hard we try to ignore our divinity. 


La historia bíblica es un medio, no un fin. 


Torah. Ley. Pentateico. Cinco libros. 


Es la historia de la realización de los designios de Dios en el cuerpo escogido. 


They want to relate to old cultures. 


Progressive is the new conservative. 


Profética, legislativa, literaria. 


Génesis. La historia de la familia de Abraham.


La historia del mundo y del hombre. All religions hold some truths. 


You have the right to believe anything that you want to. Don’t be stupid to want to hold on to stupid beliefs. 


No tienen nada para decir. Las cabezas vacías. 


Nothing but Holy, the Bible. ITs interpretation is thought through in a way in which you can’t escape truth. 


Build from other place other than the one that’s controversial. Like JBP. He just after years of publicity has he talked about the Bible as openly as he didi a few days ago in a Joe Rogan’s episode. 


Be careful. 


Quieren elegir un puebli. 


Cada lider elige el pueblo que quiere crear y dirigir. 


Bugs are chaotic. 


Podés ser ingenioso en la escritura. 


Kill the oral pulsion or feed it. 


Oral pulsion is not hunger. 


You just need a spark to start a flame. 


Authenticity is something I pursued, but all in the wrong places. You can’t escape the condition you share with the other 100%. 


Making boiled eggs is an odissey. 


I can change the world by writing alone. 


Outside is like a concert. 


What crazy beliefs do I hold that I’m not aware of? 


Comfortable in my own skin.


La serpiente le dijo a Eva la verdad. 


Institutionalized religion thought they were evolving in God’s plan. We are interfering. 


Bioshock is about what would happen if you put man in the center of all things. 


Look beyond, see beyond. 


Play it smart. Do art. 


Bugs are funny. They look confused. 


Internet dispaints all colours. 


Informatics displays all colours. 


Sin internet hago lo que puedo con lo que tengo. Miro videos de youtube que guardé. 


I am judgemental of what I do and how I act. 


It’s so simple than no one could see it. 


Every idea starts/is a God. 


People don’t seem to like the world of ideas anymore. 


“Quién te ha hecho saber que estabas desnudo?”. 


Vices go along with ritualistic writing. 


Había flashes que no quería tener. 


Preserve energy. Do not resist what you cannot control. 


They believe difference implies what’s natural. Dominion men over women. 


El feminismo es un bolazo pero es necesario. 


Polvo eres y al polvo volverás. 


Eva, la madre de todos los vivientes. 


Eva, the feminine principle. 


God is teaching us. 


But God has no image. it’s beyond all things. 


There’s error in writing. 


No me alcanzan las hojas ni me da la mano para volcar todo. 


Tomé del árbol de la vida. 


Tenemos que trabajar la tierra. 


Querubines. La espada flameante. 


We need to purge. 


Being on edge makes you understand. 


Even  if aliens put us here, religious texts are no wrong because they are made in correspondance with flesh and spirit. 


El camino del árbol de la vida. 


Purge religion from all that’s traditional, just to find it’s core once again. 


Cain y Abel, el primer homicidio. 


Si tu obraras bien, no tendrías alta la cabeza?


Eden is in the hollow earth. 


Si estaba tranquilo hace un momento, por qué no podría estarlo otra vez. 


Representing things on your mind you manifest them. At least that is the start. 


La voz de la sangre de tu hermano grita de la tierra hasta mí.


Caín wasn’t punished. 


Al oriente del Eden. 


Algunas oraciones terminan mejor que otras. 


Algunas oraciones son mejores que otras. 


Las armas no tienen nombre. 


Enoch, hijo de Caín. 


Jubal, el padre de los que tocan la cítara. 


I make things up all the time in my mind. Faith. 


Bugs are little friends, though they don’t seem to care about me. 


El siguiente sabrá más lo que hace que el anterior. 


Las personas en la Biblia no hablan, lanzan hechizos. Cast spells. Decretos. No hay dudas, solo certezas. “Las cosas así son y así se harán”.


Bugs bite my feet.


Things can be fun and good as cartoons. 


The reliving of things we believe. 


Traditional backgrounds. 


We forgot about the Golden Rule.


More warriors than entire history. 


“No hagas a los otros lo que no te gustaría que te hagan” es una estupidez. Somos todos neuroticos en mayor o menor medida y nos pondríamos locos por cosas que son una estupidez, que sin embargo a otros gustarían y nosotros gustaríamos de hacerlas. Una de las frases que más me ha roto la cabeza y que por más tiempo he sostenido. 


Happiness are not accidents.


We choose the course. 


They won’t live without a fight. 


Anxiety. 


Heroic personality. Strong desire. 


Headache after headaches. Don’t stay in the head. 


Worry is not the answer.


Mistrust. 


Perpetual criticism. 


Detach from the worrying set. 


God is the right answer to everything. 


Biography is an individual's memory. 


Find security. 


These patterns won’t bring us security. 


All possibilities combined, that is God, for me. 


If we are going to talk about God, we should start by trying to define it. 


 I was, my whole life, performing. 


Performing is ritualistic. 


Everything talks about dreams. None talks about reality itself. No matter how scientific your language is.


Jesus was a one man revolution.


If I go away is just because I'm bored.


La filosofía de la historia estudia la evolución de las creencias.


Who are you reacting to.


What it means to respect the humanity in another person.


Piercings require no explanation.


Tattoo shapes require no explanation.


If you try to play the game, don't blame others for it.


Me comí el cuento de que las apariencias contaban una parte de la personalidad. Pero la personalidad líquida conoce solo de formas, y nada más. Las apariencias engañan, una y todas las veces.


She wasn't satisfied. She should have left. Don't blame others for what lacks in you. Be complete before you unite with others. No one is your supplement.


Gravitational waves.


Hacía rato no sentía mí presencia. Por viajar tanto.


Las dimensiones son las dimensiones de la experiencia. No tienen nada que ver con consciente y subconsciente. Los niveles son en paralelo y en capaz, yendo a lo concéntrico. Cómo todo lo demás.


Muestro mis dones y digo: cualquiera puede hacerlo. 


Jesús de sacrificó porque es el anticristo. El sabía que después de mostrar al mundo la transparencia del pecado saldría alguien con la transparencia de la virtud.


Jesús era virtuoso. Pero eligió exponer al mundo el pecado.


En la batería puedo ser un autista.


Bordear el mismo tema de formas diferentes es patético.


We need not to be do much sunshine as much as we need to be moon.


The same instructions for both sexes. Equilibrium. Balance. The mirrors, shine. The shine, mirror.
The sun, moon.
The moon, sun.


If you want to die, if you try to, you'll find out that you can't. There's a positive force dominating over you. Life.


The mummy the most sensual film.


The evolution of the earth is in its plants.


Plants evolve so as we do.


God's glory hole.


I think, therefore I am.
"Pienso, luego existo". Así te la dan en la facultad.
Pienso, entonces soy. Es la conclusión que saca. Sabe que es porque piensa. No es que porque piensa es. El es sin pensar. Nos obligan a pensar no nos dejan contemplar.


God evolves with us.


It is about building alternatives.


In life you have to create your own definitions of success.


The Great mystery is God.


Repetition and emotion is key.


Lo único que tenés son tus decisiones.


I've come a long way.


Dedicado a la verdad no de mi tiempo sino de mi arte.


La verdad ha de darnos libertad.


El camino del héroe es posible solo desde la filosofía estoica.


Me gusta hacer flashear a otros con la música cuando están drogados.


Podes respetar la humanidad de cualquier persona, de cualquier edad. No así sus actitudes.


I shouldn't go past the things I can know, when it is about other people. I see something, I can only describe what I see.


Substratum en el que nuestros yos se disuelven.


Marlboro black 100s.


How do you come back from disgust?


There's nothing more than and metaphysical than thought itself.


We could go extinct but we could as well do not.


La totalidad de la revelación es la vida. De la vida surge la experiencia.


El nuevo mundo aparece primero en la poesía y después en la publicidad.


Platonic realism.


Son todo representaciones de la realidad.


I have a hard time finding humanity in those political animals who believe humans can be guided other than with example, compassion and good reason. The law of land has corrupted our minds.


Anxiety is our natural state. We need to get rid of it. It is our personal struggle.


A humanity with no expression is what we should avoid.


I stand with the ones who dared.


All of my marks of past experiences came from stories more than they came from life.


You can't believe in something if you can't explain its contradictions. It is better to hold no belief than to consciously hold a false one.


Distraction is our natural state.


There's no good without knowing evil.


I won't ever deny again that I know all things.


The transformative aspect of religion is what matters.


Imagine that there's a ghost behind every door.


I don't choose the persona. The persona chooses me.


Show it for everyone to see.


See the world as it is. Not as it was, not as it will be. But here's the trick: everything you believe it was actually is; everything you believe will be, also is. You know nothing about the future, nothing about the past. All you've got is the dreams in presence. And presence is only in this moment.


I have to try and write a chapter that's coherent. Enough with what's urging right now. I should be able to write by will on the subject of my choice.


Because they found him first, you could say, that god choosed them. But isn’t zoroastrian the first “true” religion? Since it’s monogamic. How many monogamic religions are there?


I can let thoughts pass if I’m editing. I need to concentrate on work. 


I’m trying to hack my own head. And I succeed. Because I’m full intuition and not a programmer. Because I only need to refer back to past thought’s I’ve had. With me there is nothing else. It’s just me. That’s how you know if it’s true or not. That’s how you crack the code. Write with no fear. Make conclusions from where you see.


I’m not doing nothing wrong here. I’m seeing. I see a lot of demons today. It is a hard trip. But there’s no emotion. I know I’ve transcended it. Me self and the heart aligns. 


Nos hicieron robots y le echaron la culpa a un monton de cosas. Se enseñan los patrones. Todos. Se muestran asi te repiten. Te dicen una cosa y ves otra, y cuanto mas te mentis, mas ido estas. Tenes dos centros. El corazon y los genitales. Poseedores del gen. 


I just have to see the light in it. It is what you pursue, what this is about. Others talking about fear about darkness made me feel fear darkness. Not darkness itself. Why do they make us aware of it like that, with so much fear as to not wanting to go back. People, not wanting to relive their thoughts, ever again. 


No judgement. Not at all. To your thoughts. You judge with your body. Erase that. That’s not human. That’s animal. 


I’m just a prophet of this century. One of them. They are so powerful that entire civilizations are build around them. They all saw their thoughts. Por que no estamos tratando de inspirarnos calma. 


Puedo escribir sin pensar. Son dos procesos diferentes. Pero los manejo yo, a los dos al mismo tiempo. Para que ponerlo a prueba con todas las cosas. Ah, pero si esto es asi, entonces no puede ser nunca de esta manera?


Unos discuten si Jesus habia o no pecado. 
Many are those who have found God and told men. 


It is how you want to play it. As God. In this life. Where tough things happen to you. You have to transcend your own body. Make a flip.  


With the third eye we see where the spirit is located.


Sometimes, emotions make me thing like a panic attack, as If i was going to soon discover that which will kill me. I learned that I could die and then I learned that I could live again. 


There is not such a thing as a man that can pronunciate the absolute truth. 


I am in charge of my posture. We all live in a world of parody. Only a little parody is funny. Not too much, or I won’t find it. Just people acting crazy. There is no way to represent the irrational in our heads. As something you should avoid. Because what is it? Prophets are just people that thought back about what they already thought themselves. Prophet’s are just people referring back to themselves. That’s why catholics need the trinity. That just doesn’t make any sense. Beauty alone won’t buy it. Jesus was a man. What a man.  


Prophet’s, they know more about the world of our psyches. No emotion can overcome you. I could emove with suggestion. Some choose not to move with emotion, only with thought. Others choose to live emotionaly, surrendering their entire acts to those things.


You could move your self or move only you head. Because where is funny felt? Why don’t we pay attention to that. It seemed as if we only could find it in our heads. But the body reacts to it.I just reflect. Go from B to A. 


Why don’t let myself go crazy on paper? 


It is hard for me to edit. 


I get so locked in my head. I know I can do that without without any emotion, yet I emove.


The difference without sounding wise and sounding condenscendent, I don’t know where it is. 


I like not to smoke 
weed 
because with
 weed 
I get all mystical
.
Sober I am myself, 
I think a lot. 
I watch a lot. 
But I don’t see 
as many images, 
I’m not so much in my head. 
I’m naturally more present. 
I feel lighter, as if it was my self moving. 
I control my self. 


As like “the first paragraphs are triggers of the next paragraph ((counting from the one I’m writing right now”)). 


Soon after a smoke, 
I start describing images 
that happen 
inside my head
. 
Simpler, 
better. 
Simplest, 
best
. 
And first
 singular
 is simpler
.
 I am. 
Is the name of God
.
No need to say “only” 
inside my head. 
Every thing goes “only” 
inside my head. 
.
The triggers for the next sentences 
are 
in my past sentences
.
A lot like tarot, 
you connect, 
intuitively, 
as you construct 
in representations
. 
Every classification 
is wrong. 
You can choose to go
everywhere you go
. 
We have free will, 
but at the same time
God put it there. 
Because it is,
what happens
.
Jesus found God the closest 
because he saw his name. 
He just went right through it. 
Like from A to Z. 
.
Almost always, 
the most original thought 
is the most 
interesting
. 
We are just 
not so much 
paying attention 
at the time it happens.
We postpone our times
. 
I speak in all the subjects.
 I shouldn’t care
about writing without it
. 
That’s what's impressive about shakespeare, that his writing was 
as if there were many characters, 
each with their own 
personality. 
Their own truths
. 
He became God.
I know 
I can write about it
 because I see it. 
I can only write about what I see. 


In the last stages of illumination, the trips are just images. 
As long as you are present, 
the rest of your life. 


They are not paying attention to you. They are paying attention to themselves. The monks. 


They may look funny. I promised myself that today I would write a chapter. 


You can only promise things to yourself. 


I also get distracted quite a lot. It’s my head, it shows me stuff. 


It’s a cycle. We leave our bodies only to come back. It is not a straight line. 


No need to say you can, nor should. Go straight from A to Z. 


There is no beautiful writing without editing. But I have never edited. I promise myself that today I will.


Not everyone expressed themselves as Shakespeare at the time. I doubt it. 


Because I don’t know. That’s how I know it is me. 


How do you not you


How many bodies do you have? How many things can you move at the same time? Someone must have counted them. 


I’ll take reality as it comes. Because not doing so, causes me anxiety. 


La diferencia entre otros y yo es que yo tengo una buena razon. 


I feel heat in my chest.


Where do I want to go? I ask myself.


Se escribe para leer.


 Tengo un amigo con los ojos tristes, 
que no habla con nadie,
 que solo quiere estar tranquilo,
que cuando lo dijo se le quebró la voz. 
Que le encantaría poder cantar. 


La depresión es un episodio. 


We should teach others with respect. 


No respect from the teacher to the student. 


As kids they treated us with no respect. 


Las personas intentando ser buenas no son lo que está mal. 


A él si le hace mal enojarse. 
Se hace cada vez más chiquito. 
Por más que parezca gracioso. 


I see right through you. 


“If it’s purposeless, then why not doing it like this?”.


And some things are hard to think about.


Anticristo is only its feminine. 


Let the feminine go, because there thrives magic. 


I don’t need to react with my body to an emotion or thought. I can remain still, calm, no give a fuck. 


You can choose what you want to know about. But people who said those things only cared to know about themselves. Because knowing themselves, they knew God. 
.
The old gods were dying already 
in Greece 
when Socrates came into existence. 
.
Know thyself. 
It meant exactly that. 
God is in. 
They are telling us it’s out. 


Why can’t I talk about the things I’ve thought about?


Why would I make 
myself interviewed?
 So that they make me say
things I do not want to say?
. 
Celebrities don’t choose their personas. 
Their personas choose them. 
They are pressed to behave. 
Suddenly, their lives changed. 
It is all a show. 
People taking pictures of you,
 wherever you go.


Writers. We are allowed to do it. To write about anything. I choose to write about what I want to write about.


This is just a rant. 


I’ve put the candle 
above my head. 
To find again 
my third eye 
and my true body. 
.
Life. 
It sustains itself, 
there is nothing holding it. 
Yet, you are alive. 
And you don’t know
 how to die without 
killing your self. 
.
You want to live again. 
And maybe you will. 
But you won’t know.


To know you need to live.


Praying is meditation. The transformative aspect of christianity is true. 


All religions are true in their transformative aspect. This is something I do would like to say. 


Only after life, 
you will know after life. 
We are exactly like the snake 
peeling itself. 
.
I held one once, 
when I was a kid. 
I think it was 
a culebra’s skin. 


Like implies that there are two things in reality that are similar. 
As implies that there are two represntations. 


You try to explain meaningful representations.


My body hurts.
 
Why make some words sound Important? You choose which ones. There are no laws.


There is no order in which this was written. 


We are all hidden at plain sight. 


He wanted to make himself 
smaller.
 Looking down,
shoulders forward;
 knees together. 
.
I have my legs crossed, stretched;
 my knees, touching. 
My butt,
 on the border of the chair. 
My highest back, 
on the back of the chair. 
.
My chin looking up, 
a candle on top. 
My neck stretched upwards. 
My body loosen up
.
We reach the position
 we are 
most comfortable with. 


Everything can become poetry.


Emotion can affect us as much as to influence our body. 


Everything that is not in here requires too much attention.


I look up the candle. I stand up and take a breack from sitting down. I stretch. 


They make us believe people pray to some objects. But the objects are just there to calm us down. Redraw our attention. Serenity. The continuity of peace. 


Serenity. 
My most favourite word. 
Because I know it the most. 
I pursue it.


Know that I am in peace. 


Escribiendo no estoy con la cabeza en otro lado.


Politicians are having the fights of the right and the left for us.
https://youtu.be/EvoXQ_Tso9c
These are the ones who changed the world.


La guitarra me habla. Pues normal.


You can choose on what part of the Bible you open up a new institution. It is about where you put the focus on.


We hate them yet we don't hate them that's how we know we love them.


My body can't stop me.


Que asado me hubiera comido.


Los gustos de un profeta son relativos.


What matters is how smooth is your transition.


We are scared of our own dreams.


A game where we are all magicians who meditate and through it again powers.


God starts where you end.


Yesterday I saw demon after demon after demon. It is morning now, once again. Time to wake up.


The more enlightened you are, the challenge becomes greater. Buddha and Moses found the worse but they found again the right to remain seated.


What's lacking is the feminine divine energy. We haven't reached equilibrium.


If you focus on Jesus's suffering, you have Catholicism.
I'll focus on his bravery as a mortal man, and create my own thing.


My father taught me to not stand my ground.
https://fb.watch/c87IOquWbh/


There are 
different paths, 
all made 
of subtleties. 


It is about finding music in the words.


Write what is simplest. 


Whatever you type on the docs, you already have done the work. You’ll never have to transcribe it. Always have something to transcribe. 


You want new thoughts, but reading all thoughts make them new as well. Every thought is new if it’s thought right now. 


I’m going to record myself talking, then edit it, then add images to it. Then call it a documentary. 


I have every platform to express myself. 


I do not need weed to write. But it makes me write all mystic. 


Experimentar generales, conocer particulares. Lens. 
Experimentar particulares, conocer generales. 
Wisdom.


I’m not realising that this, exactly here, already is my book. 


You cannot doubt while typewriting. 


A veces las imágenes aparecen de repente. 


The avoidance of suffering is suffering itself. 


Mentally, verbally, and physically abusive. 


I could be mentally abusive. I choose not to. 


Mind games is what makes all doubt themselves. You can only change the perception of others surrounding any subject. Just to the point of confusion, never to the point of convincement. 


Hacemos pensamiento científico todo el tiempo. 


El dedo mas importante es el del medio. 


It is hard to type with no error. 


I can configurate a blank space in between each sentence. Each paragraph. 


Each paragraph is unique. 


Cuantos espacios debería dejar para poder enmendar mi error. 


Endeudar es humano. Perdonar es de caballos. 


El humano. Agarramela con la mano. 


She justified her reactions by justifying me. As if it was me who was in the wrong. In the wrong is the one causing it. There is an active involvement in the wrong. 


Era una noche fría. Como la mía. 


La ignorancia requiere concentración, en evitar lo que no se quiere pensar. 


Se trata siempre de lo mismo. 


I live through my own stories.


Vengase quien quiera.


Lo que hay que pulir es el desfasaje. Dejar las cosas en sync.


Lo que él dice, ya muchos lo han dicho. 


Es cuestión de prestarle atención a cada palabra. 


You write a sentence. 
You choose where you go from there. 
The trigger for the next sentence is in the past one. 
Any word used or concept implied can be used to build the sentences representing the following idea. 


De que cosas se arrepentira alguien asi?


It’s not that I can’t conceive. It’s that I know the Truth. Mental nature of the Universe. 


Knowing the truth is knowing the truth (particular of a general) about all possibilities (general about a particular).


God
Truth
Universe
Light


Todo pensamiento se asienta sobre creencias. 


El maestro no se da nunca por vencido. Es el alumno el que deja de creer en sí mismo y esta sujeto a frustraciones. Daniel San en Karate Kid. Miyagi, sabio, entiende el proceso del camino. 


Karate Kid hamas habria funcionado en esta epoca donde el cine que masivamente se conoce es distinto. 


One can purposefully ignore God. But is an answer that will be there for you always, whenever you want to realise it.


Becoming God is the highest path. 


You realise all possibilities are true, you realise God. 


Faith is what hold your beliefs, both true a false. 


I’ve developed my own philosophy, I do not know why I should answer in the behalf of others. 


You manifest. You can’t manifest without creating a connection. 


El problema de Dios recae en su argumentación lógica. No se puede comprobar que todas las posibilidades son ciertas. Es como probar un negativo. Es precisamente un negativo. 
Decir que todo es asi, es lo mismo que no decir nada.  Porque decir lo obvio, si no suma, resta. Pero esa es la única verdad. 
La verdad de la obviedad de todas las posibilidades. 
Nada tiene que ser así. Es así lo que construimos así. 


Escohotado ha de haber tenido muchos amigos. 


Gran diferencia entre como uno habla y como uno escribe. 


Quilombero como el solo. Él y sus amigos. 


Salto con cualquiera. 


People laugh at how we (entrerrianos) speak.  


Mas o menos por ahi siempre es el camino.


Mentiroso.


No one ever talks about their inner structure. 


No one believes they’re talking about their inner structures. But in fact, that’s only what they talk about. 


You’ll never know what a sentence is referring to. Or who’s it referring to. 


Look within.


“I’ll say something true about everything that goes on inside my mind”.


There is no other truth than verbal truth. Not for human experience. 


If I can say something true about everything, I can live in truth. Here and now and for all eternity. 


I have never met something that is outside my mind. 


Prove your mind if you need to prove God. 


La droga lo que es hace es forzarte a experimentar algo, aun cuando no tengas el valor de hacerlo. Muchos recurren a las drogas psicodélicas para enfrentar, provocar, aquello que les daba miedo enfrentar y provocar. 


Always miss the target so you can construct it’s universe. Nothing exists in a vacuum in the mind either. Our own representation of reality itself comes from the totality of what we believe. 


I feel pressure of having to carry with so much wisdom. Yet I know that I have to. It’s my duty. To live. Post mortem. That’s all what is meaningful. A good death. The entire narrative about 


This are my scripts. Then I just have to speak them outloud. 


God places the artist.


They cut out to what it means From both sides of the political spectrum, you can see what is wrong about the other side. 


Who cares what you believe when you are inside yourself. It is all a big painting. Paint it just for yourself and see the rest unfold before your eyes. You are your own God. Change your dreams. And life will follow. You didn’t choose the place you were born at. 


We are not allowed to question the elders. 
And they are wrong in so many things. 
Even if they didn’t like us to do it, they should encourage us to question their beliefs. 
That is what it means to teach. To find truth. To live in truth, but to each its own. I choose to make the best painting out of what I get. I’ve proved it is the best way to live and to die. Every choice in its own time. Defying my beliefs whenever I can. Just to see if there is something taking me any further. They are many, the walls you can break. And every time I did that, I proved it was good. 


Prophets are just guides. Not text manuals.


I don’t see a place where that could truly happen. 


Ones promoting it, others rejecting it. We shouldn’t do neither other than refreshing our eyes. I think we’ve had depraved leaders. 


Jesus didn’t claim to hold the truth. He said that through this (lens) you’ll see once and for all, all the truth. Because only through “me”, you’ll know the lord. “I” is the only thing true we can say about the world. And if you dared to close your eyes and contemplate this possibility, you would see it is true. 


There is a time for acting your beliefs and a time for experimenting. Real life is not the time to experiment. You should do it on the inside.


With his fists he pushed me in. Now I was the observer. I was sleeping, now I was awake. They thought that with fear they’d protect us. You also need to overcome fear to act with love. It is a tremendous painting. But I am the painter. And I don’t want it all.


The most we know of the reality is “I”. That’s why only through me, you’ll know the lord. You are God and Christ consciousness. Just say “me” until you believe it. Then find out you know nothing else. So “why are all of those people saying that?”?. We ask. There’s no truth in it. 


Outloud and without shame is how we act. How else would you be a good actor, if not without any shame. 


Always high gain, low volume. 
Always play it like that. 


The point and next are not next to each other. 
It’s one under the other. To separate, you leave a blank space. They taught at the same logic but one dimension behind. They didn’t taught us the true dimensions of existence. They taught us less, becuse “ignorance is key”.


If i decide to record myself doing ASMR. 


Because that’s were you take all things, to their deeper truths. 
Old religions have already talked about it. 
They know which roles are for us. 
And we know, better than that. 
You aren’t animals anymore, so we shouldn’t be religious in life. 
In life should we human. 
We are our own rulers and we don’t see the world straight.


She has enough reason to believe she is good. 
So she is easily overcome by her emotions. 
She only sees the good, so much that she doesn't pursue to overcome the worse. 
She tries to believe that the worst has passed. But she can’t hide it. No one can. There is always something worse. In your own life, about to reach you. Get prepared. It is coming.  


Always high gain, low volume. 


I quite often write things as they sound. 


Jordan speaks his mind. That’s where he’s honest. Johnatan Peagau is Jordan’s rival. Jordan doesn’t judge Peagau. Peagau judges Jordan. 


Beliefs come and go. 


Don’t preach your own religion. Find your true “me”. The I. Know it. And you’ll know everything else. 


When you say something edgy you are expecting a punch that may never come. 


“Don’t be edgy. That was my first lesson.” Then my last. I never listened to anyone anymore. Until I re learned how to listen. I didn’t go very far without it. Listen to others' words. Listen to what multiplicity has in common with our unity, and it is its difference. 
God is in the difference. 
God is the difference. Of all things, the difference. That’s why if there is a two, there is also a minus two. But the world ain’t exact. For it to spin it needs to be impaired. 


For the world to spin, it needs to be impaired.


Reality is a variable, not a constant. 


Reality is 3,14. 


There is no harm in believing things for a little. 


What the world wants or refuses to understand is a matter of times. 


3,14 says something. It is the variable of the one truth. 
I know that what I write is good. 


A good sport wouldn’t ever pursue his career for fame or by inflating his ego and balls. 


Nalbandian will make the best out of NIkakskdlmick.


If you want to treat people with respect, say what is true of it. It is true that we 
How can we deceive this people. 


It is all an act for them. Hollywood is a bigscreen for us. 


Language is the closest we have thought. We can know other people’s beliefs


“Should I have done any different?”. Do I have a choice now? What is the point. “The Lord will judge me”. That’s what it is about. You can only judge yourself. You can only get angry with yourself. Fear yourself. Love yourself.


Fucking hippies they only love themselves. 


I’m taking a piss on anyone.
I know nothing. 
I do not know what I am talking about!
 I just know me.


There’s music in the way you say things. 


Before there was a big difference between what they thought and what they could write. Knowing words the best gets you to think the fastest.


Know as many words as you pronunciate. 


There is mental pronunciation. 
It is all a big poem. Because they are structured like it. 


Es por algo que la grabadora no traia las felpas. No las necesita. 


Always high gain, low volume.


I’m ashamed of recording myself reading poetry.


En las peliculas los humanos no tienen glitches. En la vida real, muchas veces nos pausamos. A pensar. 


I just have to separate what I say to make it poetry. 


Voy a grabar la que pinte. 
Cuando estas solo, que se vaya la verguenza.


No tengo vergüenza cuando estoy solo. Pero tampoco la tengo afuera. Porque busco creer mejores cosas.


You don’t incarnate personas, it is what catches your attention. In real life you aren’t carried away by your own will as much as for reactions to all. 


Progressives are too much in their dreams. Conservatives are too much in their grounds. Let’s find the middle ground. 


I’d knew how to help them. 


What happens if I don’t like how others are with me? What should I do about it? Questioning my decisions won’t do them any better. 


I just know me.


“There’s no other way except through me” has many ways of interpret it. Because how do you go through someone? It will always be some reflection. 


Los idolatras buscan resonar con alguien mas, tambien sujeto al equivoco. 


La izquierda es una forma perversa de hacer el bien. La derecha es una forma idealista de hacer el bien. El liberalismo nos va a permitir encontrar el centro. 


La moral es un todo. 


It is important to hold posture while meditating. That’s how the fathers teach you how to do it. I sit down as If I had no body and no weight and my body just collapses, finding the most comfortable position for the gravity of the moment. It is in many occasions, extensive postures that last long times and harm my body. 


I think the ant scouts because she wants. 


Every human deserves respect. 


We need to mix two unmixable things.


We need to talk about hierarchy being a good thing. 


JBP introduces new words. Many to me. Transcendence. Hierarchy. He, on its own, puts a great amout of thoughts in our head.


I can stop shivering. Realisations are powerful. Transformative. You transcend the soul. 


Respect. Another attribute I took from JBP. 


Treat your rivals fairly. 


We introduce thoughts as we do calculus. 


He went to far on the wrong direction, and got overtook by emotions. 


Emotions can’t dominate you. 


You paint your own story. See how much you can approach the monster without shivering. Then come back to the body. Then stop emotion. You can always do that. Repeat the process. Breathe in. Dissolve. Forget. Come back at it later. 


Campbell opened many eyes so with his logic and thougts. As if they were calculus. He just didn’t express it that way. 


Making other people’s quotes famous. 


Making the good quotes from celebrities, famous. The good ones. For a change. 


If I want to stand my ground, I’m in my right to do so.


We would do whatever for a woman. That is out weakness.


Our soulmate is a complementary opposite. 


In the physical plane, I do not have to do anything. But it’s only through me that I get to know me. And only through my soulmate I see the other part. 
Absolute soulmate. Why would I see just that?  


We could desbelieve everything. There ar etruths deep rooted in our psyche. 


I’m never at the center. I only can go around the center in circles. 


When I need guidance from the fathers, I call for guidance from the fathers. 


We are the ones dreaming. Your body tells you if you would like it to be this way or not. And that includes the anxiety. The shivering. You don’t want what you can’t handle. 


Prophets are deep speakers. 


I just don’t see her that way. 


Everything that exists now existed in the past as well. At all times. 


There are many dimensions to which which we think. 


The only forces on the political dimension are order and chaos. 
Some like the matrix, others do not like the matrix. 


“That’s even more irrational”.


We are deeply confused about everything. 


Porque lo que interesa es la expresion del ser. El acto no interesa.


The trumpet men.


The trumpeter. 


The expression of the divine femalge energy. 


NAture sings to me, and with me. 


I don’t have the conclusions beforehand. 


I should bring her peace. 


Weed is enough to put you through those dreams. 


Many people have already found the answer to so many deep questions. I wish I had their answers to contemplate. 


I'm so far away that I don't know what forgiveness would mean.


The world you build has symbolical logic.
But not all that is logical is true.
Find the answers that you like as long as they are true.


We should keep spreading. Not reunite. Not come back. We are going ahead not coming back. Spread. You are the anti-opposite complementary. Find it with true meaning.


She sucks the life of of you.


Realising what something causes us makes us fall again.


The sun. Tomorrow will come back. I don't need to grieve it. Though I do.


Don't interact with strangers. New people should be organically met.


No hay que volver. No más que para encontrar en lente. Después volvemos al presente.


Whats out is not supposed to come back in.


There's no escape. I'm god's lonely man.


Suena cinco esquinas que está tocando en el Martín Pescador.


They want to make it a matter of class. 
We don't.


Escucho cinco esquinas desde mi casa.


She's the darkest figure.


The one that choose
The only one responsible for you being here.
you to come here.


We need to be subtle in the relationship with what we don't understand.


That's a poor conclusión to take. 


Le pongo un limitador bien duro y lo hago sonar vieja.


ASMR del recital 5 esquinas en el Martin Pescador.


There are clue all over.


No need for you to pretend to be clueless.


I fucking love this earth and my life and I would be proud of anyone that is willing to fight for those same things.


We share natural rights and those are natural because for all of us are. We are allowed to our selves. 


Del respeto al morbo es una cuestión de grado.


I only have the right to be still. Stay seated, wherever I am.


I should treat everyone with respect. I can know what respect is.


What the fuck is poetry.


I guess she was curious to meet Marcelo.


Can you die of love.


The French
dispatch.
What do you want to paint?
The future.


This ebook is my greater work of art.


This is my lives works. It only works what I work out. With what I have and what I choose, I do my works.


Empires are built because one guy don't want to be disturbed.


Intelligence belongs to the body.


In the end,
the whole life
becomes an act
of letting go.


Who says it keeps it. 


You see more the separation. The more you seeked.


El exceso de presencia nos marea.


Presence is the most powerful experience.


In presence there is just darkness. There is just constant death.


You can only start over.


Caseros se da cuenta de la falsedad pero no sé sabe explicar. Se va mucho por las ramas. Carga con mucha impotencia. Quiere decir mucho y no tiene tiempo.


"I am" should be the name of the podcast. Cosmovision. 
Hello, I am. Nice to have you here.
Hello, I am. Nice to be here.
We talk with other people and we paint the world.


Think about universes in terms of dreams.


If they don't like where you are now, they cut you off.


Conmigo no tiene ya ningún poder.


Yo le hablo al cuerpo completo. A lo que me comunican enteramente. Y tengo derecho a malinterpretar. Es mi suelo. Lo reclamo.


What happens through "me", happens through "all". All subjects are interchangeable.


The symbol is inner and it's mine. It's not important what's on the outside of you should be painting it with better eyes.


I've learnt from the suicidals.


I'm one step away from every myth.


Ohm is Hum.
Hum is the name of God. The middle between him and her.


Ohm is all you know.


I dreamed that I stepped on a cat. I jumped and woke up.


Surrendering to your emotions is reliving an experience by being still.


They want to shine light on it.


The divine female energy is blocked.


Anything can be poetry.


Crossed legs. Crossed arms.


Pain make them restrained. Withdraw.


Talk about anything but talk about it with respect. 


Walk right through suffering. 


How do I tell you? 
There is 
no difference. 
You are God's 
chosen people.
Each one of us
is.


I'm entitled to my prayer.


They want to take God away.


Now the new movements are raising and showing their flags as if they were always there.


Of my name there are many leeches.


Explore the idea 
that you are 
alone in your own body.


If I can teach myself poetry, I can teach myself anything.


We live in a world so shallow.


Johnathan Peagau discards Jung without having read it. "The difference between me and Carl Jung". Sometimes you are just seeing your own judgments and calling them truths. Symbology is made from whatever you believe.


Al final se trata de decir lo que se cree.


Jordan Peterson 
is not someone 
to be discarded
. 
He taught us much 
more than what, he 
talks about
. 
He taught us 
in his ways. 
His kindness. Respect. 
Willing to listen, to have
an honest conversation
.
They won't give you the time
to remember.


The author chooses where to break the line.


Of course there can be comas in the middle of a sentence.


Son muy violentos.


Look how beautifully I think.


Quieren que Jesús 
sea perfecto porque 
lo quieren seguir a él
. 
Puedo probar que 
primero eligen seguirlo
 y después
Encuentran en sus historias
 lo plausible
.


Una oración se lee como poesía. Siempre. 


In true life
you'll know
 what respect is.


The space should also be there.


Great minds were just great writers and great readers of their works.


Because of that game, I can type 120+ words per minute, easily. I’ve written this entire post in less than 15 minutes, all stream of consciousness.
Extracted from that article.


Micah, you love to hate him.


The women of my life. It is a matter of decision.


You cannot break your head into not thinking.


Each fighting their own struggles.


Don't feel wrong for not having a thought.


You can go from A to Z.


The mechanics of magic is suggestion.


Anyone who sees the patterns of the master of masters.


I never believed 
but I didn't understand. 
 Believe what happens 
even 
if you don't understand.


They taught us the capacity of our psyche.


I have nothing to do with the place she's in.


All images could be as dark as the worst image you hold.


Insanity
is real.
Fear of insanity
is stupid


I know she's not alright. I see through her. I don't like what I see.


Why should I care more about than my own well being. My well being is absolute peace. But for this life. Moderation.


Zero Vs infinite 
self awareness


While I was unsure, I remained inactive.


The amount of anxiety does not show the amount of wrong that it is.


I won't cut down my dreams anymore.


Writing requires energy.


 I see right through them because I know them in me.


I say the truth without that causing in me any reaction.


There's nothing I have to do.


Only through God you can keep yourself high. Because with God every cliché becomes an original. Because it's the variable as a constant.


Bertrand Russell I know you.


Stinky spirits are what they do.


Don't appropriate my self.


The way you see the world the biggest and the brightest. That's the good way, the right way.


Your fathers deserve your respect. 


Every father is spiritual.


Every sister is spiritual.


We all had to deal with her craziness.


We all had to deal with the experiences she put us through.


Tuve una regresión cuando me veía con Vicky.


The transformative aspect of everything is enough.


Peageau refuses to read Jung.


I'm scared of no images in my head.


Me interesa el conocimiento por el bien del conocimiento.


No persigas conversaciones viejas.


El astigmatismo no me deja ver.


They wouldn't care in give me comfort.


The one who suffered the most can learn the most.


Suffering is a lot like crushing someone's belief.


I wrote it all from stream of consciousness.


Consciousness is both a point (focus) and a stream (flow). 


A los cambios de creencias, le siguen chequeos y comprobaciones.


Con suerte el proximo dip, despues del soporte 2 sera mas bajo que buy 1.


La industria tiene tambien algo de corazon. UFC. Mucho lo harian solo por el desafio, muchos solo por el dinero. 


El dinero concentra a la elite. 


I never pushed so far as to make any conclusions about the things I did not know. 


Me gustaria una charla con Dario. No lo entiendo. 


Sin marihuana, hablo de lo que me gusta y no me gusta. Con marihuana hablo de lo que soy y no soy. 


In stillness, 
I become.


Lo que hacemos mal es dudar de las buenas intenciones de nuestros adversarios politicos. 


I am the spiritual successor of my leaders. The people I’ve admired. 


Fascination, yes, but never admiration. 


I turned into a hippie without knowing it. 


Meditation is the place where nothing matters. 
Why did they make us fear our mind. 


There is no difference between believing something and something being like that. 


Lo que hacemos mal es dudar de las buenas intenciones politicas de nuestros adversarios. 


To be the greatest poet you have to believe you are the greatest man. The greatest man is the one that is aware that he’s god. 


Todo el estudio que hago lo hago sobre la propia mente. Lo que hablo sobre mi y lo que abro sobre otros. 


Ponerse a explicar lo complejo como simple es complicado. Porque lo metafisico es complicado. El pensamiento no es un proceso fisico unicamente porque esta guiado por una intencion. 
La intencion lleva a la inteligencia. Mejorar los ojos para corregir la intencion. 


I try to look at conservatives for reference, and progressives for 


“Whatever I know, someone already knew”. I thought. “Everyone knows something you don’t know.”
Jordan Peterson made me think about it. It was true. But true how? True within. You know. You hold this mystery that you know is true. Entanglement between words can happen. 


We are told how to fight.
We are told. 
Every subject is interchangeable. 
Ni lo uno ni lo otro. 
La diferencia. 


Todo es ni lo uno ni lo otro.
Siempre fuera del centro. 


I have to think in order to talk. 


Algunos van a los discursos a comerse un viaje.
 
You can only watch 
everything with no fear
.
Every religion 
is a cult to death.
But a cult to life as well.
 We are losing that. 
We need that.
 Even if we don’t like that.
 Is the comformity they talk about?
They could have leave to write our own, just after teahing us a few words. But they chose not to do those. 


I am Jesus just when I smoke weed. 


You can incarnate any spirit you admire. 
Add some order to that chaos. 
We move away from chaos but we need to find which order is the true order. 


Stretch your consciousness. Can be done from any dimension. 


What the fuck I can only type so fast. 


You can’t catch up with your mind. It holds more information over you than yourself. 


Psychology. The studies of the logics of the mind. You don’t need to understand more than that. The the minds have logics. 


Sometimes you fear that you don’t know who you are talking to. 
But because you find deeper truth’s in the dimensions in which you don’t know.


This is equal to any life’s work. 


I dared to believe I was Jesus, by pure faith. 
Creativity is a trick of our own. 
God plays the artist. 
But he himself is God.


I developed greater appreciation. 


Being one means you have to stand alone. 


Nailed at the Cross. The cross where two oppositions are met. 
We are nailed at the cross. 


The difference is in who finds it. 
This book. 
You can say I believe anything with this. 
But I know what I know and I know at what level this can be possible. 


Sometimes I should not take myself so seriously. In the center of all is our humanity. That is given by the heart. 


“Cuentos de la cripta” me hizo pensar en la muerte. 


Surrendered. Said of Jung.


This is the black book. 


El odio no es algo que se hace a otros, sino que se hace en uno. 


Este es el libro del odio a uno mismo. 


You keep reliving what you’ve supressed. That’s one of your spirits. Locked in a loop. 


The trip of life and death is the same. 


El tercer ojo es una posición real. Ojo derecho mirando a la izquierda. Ojo izquierdo mirando a la derecha. 


You don’t do what is good for yourself because you don’t love yourself. 


Realign your intentions. Watch with new eyes every time. 


It is just a matter 
of logic that needs to be 
communicated. 
  That’s philosophy.


Poetry, true, false, who cares. I write what I write. 


Seeing yourself through the world’s eyes. 


It is me because I’m making it to be me. 
I do know, as I remember eventually.


You cannot be good always. 
You live in non duality. 


You will only find horrors and fantasies. Ones more than others, aligned with reality. 


I sometimes don't want to interrupt a dream for  atypo, or because I switched words. 


There are different dimensions of awareness going on at the same time. 


I wan’t to stand over the shoulder of the ones who dared. 


Being alone will get you deeper into your own psyche. 


It is truly all magic after all. 
There is subtleties in every creative’s head. 
And by creative I mean any One. 
The process of individuation is the same as the search of God. 


Visualize values not the lottery. 


Everything has spiritus. Spirits have metaphysical properties of a thing. 


Yo guio a mis sentidos. Elijo que mirar, que escuchar, que ser. 


It gives you anxiety not knowing what others have found. 


Old philosophies are coming back to life. Now more than ever. 


Prayer is an energetic display of the center. 


Rockstars were my models. 
The coolest ones. 
The ones that I liked the most. 


I am the stretches of my consciousness. 


I only talk about the subjects they bring up because I only think about the subjects they bring up. 


The truth is so obvious that I can’t even hide it. But you never could show it either.  
You can’t show the difference.
Stand your ground. Buddha’s said. 
I have the right to remain seated.


They made us stand up at school. It is programming. How can you no see it. 


You don’t want to remain Jesus forever, because you carry guilt. 


You want to go Jungian, and dissolve into a totality. 


You are the totality of the things that exist inside your psyche. Saying “I” you say all about yourself. 


How many already know and knew this. Uncountable. We are one. But we aren’t special. 


I ask myself.  
“Is this how Jesus would have piss”
And
I stand up straight and appreciate the moment.


Similar levels of workism.


They played in stream of consciousness.


With distortion and high gain is how you show how ordered is your chaos.


I will always find the strength to keep living, because it's not up to me.


I don't have people to believe that my goodness is not genuine.


Philokalia.


Inner and outer gods.


One last trip, you say. But it’s never the last. 


“What should I save this energy for?”


This ar the thoughts of a magician. 


They knew if someone was a magician or not becauseof their verbs. How anchored they were to the sensual reality was the righteous and the rest was magic and heretic. 


They didn’t want our consciousness to expand more than what is available through our senses. 


Every phrase we used and are exposed to have ontological implications. 


I wish everything would be alright always.


I’m like a bug sticking its feet in the books, obsessively looking at the things said in search for wisdom. You want it at all costs. But sometimes you think it is fear. Everytime you proved yourself to be good.


Hay una garza marron en el parque. En el pasto. Despues en el cable. Solo es magia si dejas que lo sea. 
Pero es como el cuervo de allan poe. 
En el libro negro de la muerte.


Just take it easy. 


I do not share this with anyone. No one exists but me. 


I am the creator. So the phrasing I will later believe will be done now. Rethink phrasese. 


Fuck whatever I wrote already. 


This is how I break the spell. My beliefs of the trips won’t conclude a thing before experiencing it free with new eyes in real life. 


There are trips you compare, and trips you don’t compare. 


This just tells me something of the possibility itself. 


Like here there are infinites. 
You can’t contemplate them all at the same time.


I’ll go on whenever I want to. 


Get it out of here just because I do not want it. 


There's no difference between you and total darkness.


El enigma sagrado es yo soy.


Encerrar los espíritus en un puro verbalismo.


Black is unity. White is multiplicity.


Two days ago I didn't know what I know now.


I'm a geek.


Everyone can know what I know.


I'm a visionary.


Ordinary people can choose to be extraordinary.


La revolución entra desde los bordes.


Geek, raro, socialmente incómodo.


How to be ourselves on purpose.


The odd one.
Elon Musk is an inspiration.


Outsiders change the world by creating a new one.


It was solitude that give you the time to explode in ideas.


Every other life would come to waste.


Spending my time any other way would be a waste.


Now that I know better, why would I do otherwise.


Cut off every relationship that is not real.


Maligno, que no se alinea. A la voluntad divina.


The man who has given himself over to fate. Here's your great soul. 


Play it right. Astucia. 


Se organizan y nombran los archivos en la grabadora. 


I just have to pay attention to every aspect of it. I can make an album. I have the tools, the will and the time. 


La musica que escucho a veces son las grabaciones. Suena zoom 21/1/22.


Voy a samplear todo. 


Tengo dos grandes problemas: olvidarme de que solo escribo para mi, y olvidarme de que no deberia preocuparme en lo mas minimo de los otros.


Great souls lived and died on their own terms. Always loving fate. But surrendering to themselves. And by doing it, to God as well.


Everything goes back to itself. 


Redefine love. 


Para que pase ella tiene que darse cuenta. 


Yo tengo un monton de canciones grabadas con la guitarra. 


Lo que me molesta es perder el tiempo haciendo cosas que no se si se pueden hacer. 


Uso todos los programas en el orden en que se me canten los huevos.


Es asi esto de escribir con lapicera. 


Buenisimo, pero hablaba mal de muchas personas. Solo queria descargarse. 


Con los libros tengo infinitos bloques. 


En esto del espiritu cualquiera puede decir cualquier cosa. 


A cuanto grabas depende del ruido que haya. Que tan lejos pones la grabadora tambien. 


People get to it in many different ways.


I can’t measure time but I have sufficient reason to believe it is cyclical. 


There is comfort only in the present moment. 


The original sin is not original since it is mirrored. 


“You are scaring me”, she was getting unstable.


Experience all things in total stillness.


The work is never done. 


They removed the true meaning of a worker because of the connotations of the word work. 


Nothing should be written clarifying “here and now”. Here and now is every time you read this. Now is always implied. 


The difference is what is implied so we don’t pay any attention to it. 


I’m not here to give you any lectures.


All stunted. Speech, almost like magic.


If almost everything you say is precious. How long until others want to keep you. 


Don’t make unrealistic parodies about our lives. 


They make us watch old movies. 


Don’t make us watch more movies. See the ones we watch and have good taste. 


Two different people in person than in paper. Yet the same. 


It is the shadow that drives you crazy. 


I’m a monster slayer. 


I just have to generate famous quotes. Just quotes of good taste. 


Jack of all trades but master of none. 


Lunatics and madmen tend towards chaotic neutral behaviour. 


Try and be the observer, for a change. Then be outspoken.


How does anyone go without questioning their own existence.


I forget, if I know what is best for me. 


You don’t have the responsibility to remember what troubles you every time. 


Treat people with respect. 


Find fire in a dogma.


We do not want just fun.


We want what is good. 


I’m going to make ASMR while I’m here.


I’d like someone to manage all my accounts.


My parents don’t need money. They reject it. They despise it. They were told it was morally wrong. Is it though? It’s the closest we can circle reality. 


No importa si lo grabo si lo hago/muestro con respeto. 


Things are only here and now, even when they refer to things that are in the past, present or future, here, there or nowhere. 


Who am I? The most fascinating question in the world. 


Electronic music is supposed to wake you up. It makes you trip until you realise. There’s only one nature where it all has continuity. Reality renews with each instant. 


Respeto la tradicion aun en sus aspectos equivocados.


Que con ninguna vergüenza te den ganas de reirte. 


Con cuánta culpa podes cargar? Dijeron Jesús porque lo venían ya esperando. 


All these souls alike Christ, and they still call Jesus the son of God. They are not wrong, but they are not right either. They don’t see that the common is in the difference. All mysteries reunite us. All go through all. 


What are the questions asked by science? 


Enjoy every moment, sober or not. 


I wish things were always perfect. But they’re not. Life is about equilibrium: highs and lows, peaks and valleys.


La musica no se roba. La musica es de todos. 


No se roba lo que no puede robarse. 


Logos is how forces of language operate. 


How do you operate? What are the forces implicated. 


Una sola linea de gracia.


Escribo despacio para poder pensar. 


Nos hacen adictos a la adenalina en la escuela. Conteniendonos tanto tiempo, en contra de nuestra voluntad. 


Podes inferir desde el comportamiento la psicología. 


No puedo darme cuenta de que estoy viviendo. The worst realization. I can only check. 


Me duermo, otra vez.


My songs are heartfelt. I can say that. 


What resonates, was there before you or I made that assumption, conclusion. 


Estoy en el campo. 


Sordo o me duele la boca. 


El dia llegara, vas a ver la libertad.


Las respuestas estan primero. Despues veo donde calzan. 


Ninguna palabra tipeada es igual a la anterior. 


No me tiene que gustar lo que leo. Leer es un acto en si mismo. Cuando escribo escribo, cuando edito edito, cuando transcribo transcribo. 


Vanidoso. Ese es su problema.


Mi problema es que deje de bancarlo cada vez mas. 


You can deny if darwin was right or not, but you can’t deny evolution. 


El problema del catolicismo es que entienden a Dios como algo externo y jamas lo han percibido por fuera del espiritu santo. 


They promised plenty of things.


Hombre dividido dentro de si mismo. 


No podes ser creyente sin ser creativo.


No podes probar el infinito mas que por los particulares.


We breathe nothing in. 


We bring nothing in. 


You can’t prove an impossibility.
The difference of all is an impossibility. 


I should check my writings to see what I would like others to know, and therefore, what I am responsible for teaching.


Great people have grey hearts. It is a matter of inclination.


People discovered all revolutionary ideas. 


Bring new ideas to the table. 


Practice seeing things as they are. 


Concha la hizo a la mesa, antes de que apoye siquiera un papel arriba. 


A name is uniquely personal.


Embody reality.


Revelation.


NO puedo elegir lo que el maestro me va a ensenar. 


“Person” is a christian name.


Incarnational thinking. 


En la experiencia son una misma cosa. Dios y el diablo. En la realidad el Diablo está subordinado a Dios. 


The negative aspects of matter come from metaphysical aspects of negativity. 


Philosophers only thought and wrote what they couldn’t understand. 


Kundalini and the serpent. 


There’s a race to find news about god.


Yo lo vi mucho mejor a esteban.


Lo mesianico esta en las palabras que usaba Jesus. “Las tinieblas”.
Dark is not at all scary. 
Fear in the dark is somewhere else, other than darkness itself. 
Anxiety is not our natural state. 
Our natural state is peace.


I asked myself
“how do I keep myself ignorant?”
You can’t.
Keep going. 
Choose your pace.


I mix subjects because every subject is interchangeable. In this reading. 


Wisdom is the power of light. 


Take the planets to talk about your spirits. They are the same world. There’s an entire universe that is reflective. 


El es solo un faro de luz.


Dulce de membrillo y queso cascara colorada.


People like to talk about what makes them want to talk. 
Find what that is.
Make them talk. 


Fishing. First conversation.


I can’t remember but I can explain. 


I’m going to shave on each moonlight, at least. 


A veces no sabe a que se refiere ni el.
 Dice cosas que son verdad 
pero que a la vez
 su maestra le dice 
y no sabe explicar. 
“Es muy limitado lo que yo puedo decirte”.
Creencias limitantes 
es creer que no podes 
saber cualquier cosa. 


All spiritual beings are grooming others to their truths, with different interests and pursuits.


Do I expect to be judged with the same vara I judge others?


Close truths are not absolute truths. 


People rather transform their gods instead of transforming themselves. 


Atacan cualquier diferencia. No les gustan. 


Mis pensamientos estan mas alla del bien o del mal. Solo existen en el plano reflectivo. 


Desde lo reflectivo la obra, desde la obra lo reflectivo. 


Te dan el nombre fisico, del mundo real. 


No es algo tuyo, es algo de ellos. 


Why not carry on to an idea. 


Prohibition may have worked for the primitive men. 


We are the continuation of the tradition of freedom. 


Through tradition you hear truths about questions long unanswered. 


Tus palabras tienen valor pero tambien tienen lugar. 


Nada es blanco o negro; si o no. 


We can only deduce infinity from the particular. 


You can’t shine light if you are hiding. 


The turn themselves into more stupid buy not holding structures. Even though they keep learning, they reject it. 
What does a stroke have to do with it. 


Fear to go on. 


Do esta en el medio. 


Te hipnotizo. 


No puedo callarme y escuchar. 


Todo el dia pensando en ortografia nos tenian.
 
No es que lo que otros tienen para decir no me interesa. Es que no puedo escuchar todo. 


Hay que hacer. El programa es mi herramienta. 


Voy a hacer electronic con lo que samplee de mis propias grabaciones. Al disco lo voy a hacer en casa. 


No necesito dar explicaciones de cada cosa que hago o voy a hacer. 
De eso se trata la libertad. 
Las decisiones las toma uno. 
De las creencias es responsable uno. 


We come from a generation with no cosmovision. 


Only in mystery we find infinity. 


Mystery is the particular that sees through all. The infinity is I. 
Only I and the mystery exists. Everything else is built.
Defy your beliefs to see what’s well built.


Bach composed all that. 


Mi viejo no se calla la boca y escucha.
Exactamente como dije que hacia yo. 


Tomate las cosas con calma. La mayor calma posible. 


Un leve tilt de la birome de atras hacia adelante. 


You write your awareness. 


This is from Matilda.


You are going to have dark trips, whether you like it or not. 


Find pleasure in the things you have to do. 
You determine what you have to do.
Duty is an inner calling. 


Es bueno que no lo corregi para su comodidad. Asi se sientan los limites. 


Yesterday I had some weird trips. 


It is nice to have secrets. 
Choose better secrets to have. 


Always keep something from the old you. 


Don’t get angry at “the world”, that is the same as getting angry at thin air. 


Scream as if you were falling. 


No hay dos primeros albumes.


Formas ingeniosas de contar algo.


My spirit is all over my things. 


I too at one point started to get no more answers. 


We just want answers 
the world refuses to give to us. 


I choose the pages with stains for cover. 


En sus palabras encuentro cosas de mi. Jesus. Julio. 


Los políticos se apalancan en los artistas de turno. 


I sleep next to so many people. 


Leverage is more real in politics than in any other place. 


It is going to happen in Argentina, because that’s where the corruption of the world lies. 


Make Argentina have a name again. 
Make a better name of it. 


Satanic shines light on the world. Material. Inferior. 


Their axioms are all false. 


Identify. 
Shine light from earth to mirror in heaven. 
Contemplate and reflect. 


You come here to separate, to isolate. 
Your own possibility with the infinite. 
Fate. 


Nothing is too great for a writer. 


As much love as I decide to give to it. The table is already impregnated with my self. Already marks from the typewriter. 


I choose the words that I write. 


La historia agradece a hombres y mujeres que nos acercan a la verdad. 


I’m light in someone’s head. 


I respect tradition. How would I not? I am because others were. I know because others knew before me. 
I admire those who chose to teach me without knowing me. 


The secret is power for inspiration. 
The mystery. 


Mystery can remain a secret or be exposed. But there’s always mystery left. 
Just I and the mystery.


Prophets bring close mysteries, not certainties. 


She may look like one but she’s not one.


Intellectual awakening in your twenties often.


The image of the infinite. 
It has none. 
Eckhart is right in talking about nothingness and space but they are things that can’t be represented and therefore not the best to conceptualize and communicate. You should explain what things are, because of what is not. Nothingness and space are always implied. 


We only know the particular. 


The transcendent particular. 


Generalise anybody in order to kill them. 


Todo entra en la agenda progresista. 


No one knows the order in which I wrote these lines.
 Not even me. 
It is time for renaming. 
Time is not important. 
Structure is. 


Truth is in the difference. 


Truth and mystery. 


The one true god means that there is one that is first and the totality, even if we don’t know which one it is. 
All that surrounds truth is mystery. 


Plausible is everything. 


Recover your strength and keep going. 


The dark won’t stop you. 


I don't know what I don't believe.


I don't know everything I believe. 
I believe everything I know.


Firmly agree. Faith.
Faith is taking the first step firmly even if you don't know where the ladder points towards.


They keep us weak and coward.


Faith of not about information but about transformation.


You can climb anywhere. You'll always get to an answer.


The left put us back in mystery.


Faith is evidence of things not seen.
The mysteries.


Faith is the substance.


The black book because it is a mystery. Just I and the mystery.


The now is a mystery.


There is no shame in dying.


La gracia de hacer las cosas una sola vez. 


It is good to befriend someone you already know the worst of. 


Flow is something that has a start. 


You now there’s power, now you have to ask yourself what you can do with it. 


I write with multiple, different pens. 


They don’t want you to realize that you are God. 


Potentially God. There are infinite divinities. Choose your path. Stick with it. 


Abundante paz.


“Estos son todos”.


No one can kill God. You can just not pay any attention to it. 


You can’t kill your self.


Let’s collab with Migos.


I hope I never loose my habilities to communicate. 


I don’t have to forget that I write only for me. That is being read, is fortuito. 


Fate is fortuito. 


Utilizo el spanglish porque queda a veces mas a mano. 


Cual es la mejor forma de contarme a mi mismo una historia.


Los escritos son mios, para mi y acerca de mi mismo. 


Las cosas son. 


Las cosas son: 
de
para
acerca de 
Asi se relacionan con un sujeto.


El lenguaje especifico moldea el pensamiento especifico. 


El lenguaje simbólico es la llave para todo pensamiento. 
 
Videos should be me just talking over recordings of myself typing. That’s the ambience. No music. Or if there is, also comes from recordings.


There is infinite raw material. 


Despacito, piano piano, voy liberando la mesa para ponerme a pintarla.


Lo que me gusta de las cosas es su esencia. 


There is no shame in wanting to die to rebirth again. 


The act of birth is personal. We birthed.


No se callarme y escuchar. 
Cuando el alumno está preparado,
 el maestro aparece. 


Separo mis frases en pensamientos,
de la forma en que yo los agrupo. 


Thoughts pop up in sequence. Revelation will tell you which thoughts go together and which ones are just linked by you.


Hay que apretar esta birome para que escriba lindo. 


Flow in the now and show to people. 
Flow in peace.


No hay disco como “An Awesome Wave”.


One can specify what one means. 


Destroying the world order is a virtual thing. That’s what not many realize.


Se esta quedando viejo el sistema y se nota. Internet vino a apaciguar las fuerzas del comunismo, que vino a romper un montón de institución. 


Until the internet, I never heard the other part. 


The intention is that you feel repressed by the power of institution. 


Materia, espacio y tiempo condicionan nuestro conocimiento. 


La relacion entre conocimiento y materia, espacio y tiempo. 


I reached out to others for guidance. 


Vos sabes que cuando sabes algo, ese algo que sabes es sobre una cosa. 
Como todas las otras cosas que sabes, refieren al mundo que moldea tu experiencia. Sabiendo que hay cosas que no sabes, sabes que hay una realidad mas alla de vos. 


Estoy enamorado de mi maquina de escribir. Es hermosa. 


El arte seguira existiendo aunque sea solo por su belleza.


We came here to leave a beautiful place. 


It is easy to take things out of context. 
The text that goes with it. 
The implications. 


Las maquinas andan como pareciera que deberian funcionar. 


Many lines, ones shorter than others.


Hay otra vida mas barata pero no es vida.


I am the light that inspires.


Jesus thought, as you and me. He was no empty vessel.


Lo echaron y le di un abrazo. Cedi, recule, y despues me dio culpa, por el haberme intimidado en repetidas oportunidades. 
But I found it hard to hate him. 
Based on what? 
His little sister was being moved away from Italy at the time. 


What is the best way to tell myself a story. 
That is the way.


There’s too much power for some. 


It was a dark scene. 


Words could be interchangeable in the way I mean them. 


I didn’t mean to say that or to think that. 


Start classifying memories not by how they felt, but what genre they are. Cinematic gender. 


Nos pintan las pesadillas de colores, y nos dicen que esta bien. 


Cuanto tiempo tenes que estar en un lugar para llamarle bunker. 


I thought away she would leave me alone. 


Lo promociono como frases random que encontre en un monton de libros.


Es hora de hacer arte creativo con la escritura. 


Hora de hacer arte tambien con la distribucion. 


Hay politicos que son verdaderos artistas. 


Hilar fino, trabajar el detalle y la sutileza. Arte. 


Si una cosa el arte no puede ser, es tosco. El arte es fino. 


I keep writing because I keep discovering things. 


I believe things as I discover them, always with the fear of finding out that truth is wrong. But I keep proving myself that truth is not wrong. I am. 


Entre lineas esta sujeto a infinitas interpretaciones. 


Soy mas valioso desde mi posicion.


“Entre lineas” es como un album. Cada uno. Las paginas dependen de la cancion. 


Postear la pagina que mas te gusta, donde se vea la frase (o la posicion donde estaria).


Games have instructions. 


Games obey to their own mechanics.


Hide and seek has its rules.


He believes others don’t mean what they say. 


Horror scenes in memory. There are many. 


Nature is immersive when you amplify it. 


En realidad, lo que hice fue voltear para ver. No habia nada alli. 
Es dificil escribir en la maquina sin errores de tipeo.
 Es hermoso escucharla golpear la tecla. Pero no es como la computadora.


Afuera se escuchan ruidos. 
Yo no los conozco. De afuera debe escucharse.


Clarito como golpean las teclas.
Es hermosa esta maquina. 
Mete los dedos donde tenes que meterlos. 
No hay como escribir cualquier verdura.
The one true god. 
You can hear the voices but not hear where they come from. 
It is a beautiful piece of machinery.


No se que es lo que no les gusta de cada ocasion que eligen cambiarla. 


No es que me tengan podrido, es que no se como hacer para que no lo crean asi, sin fingir un estado de animo. 


A los amigos no se los juzga.


La jerga es la pachanga. 


Para esciribr primero tiene que pasar por la mente. Y como haces para que pasen cosas por la mente?


Mi viejo siempre me cuenta que Hitler era un carnicero con los judios pero a quienes comian carne les mostraba los mataderos. 


Tardaria mas en decirlo de lo que tardaria en escribirlo. 


Escribi como hablas. 


Las oraciones se dividen porque en la maquina de escribir es dificil no pasarse del limite. En los softwaes nuevos las palabras si no entran se reacomodan. 
Es hermoso ver como marcan las letras. Ninguna igual que la anterior. 


Transcribo cosas que escribi con la maquina de escribir y aca no tienen ningun sentido. En realidad lo tienen, pero como vas a saberlo si no tenes el contenido que tengo yo. El tema al que me refiero. El momento en que lo escribi.


Nunca mas la facultad. 
Necesito tiempo para procesar toda esa basura. 


Se me pierden los dedos en el teclado. 


Algunas oraciones no refieren a ahora mismo. 


Habia que hacer movidas.


Es adictivo el tecleo. Es compulsivo. Es mecanico. 


Una verdad es un particular a traves del cual conocemos todos los generales. Esa verdad es “I”. Only proved by existence itself. 
Identity is a mystery.


Restrained flow: tomar decisiones con codigos. 


Te podes dar cuenta de todo, aunque no lo sientas. El contacto o la ausencia de realidad. El enriendo. Entanglement. 


I see you,
and I don’t care.


Turn off any ideas of what it means to love someone. 


Generar un clima espectacular con una vela. 


Una tormenta como nunca antes vi. 


El arbol cayo arriba del muelle. 


Un concierto de grillos afuera. 


Lucifer is the outsider. 


The light is outside the mystery. That light is you. It is me. 
Lucifer. 
Luciferan is the light that unveils all mystery. 


Make words respectable again. 


Tipeo cuando quiero escribir con musica. 


Isn’t it a natural force and therefore not inherently bad. 


Maybe it’s my meaning of bad that is wrong. 


You are a lineage. 


No estamos aca para repetirnos infinitamente, si no para recordar que tenemos en nuestro poder, infinitas posibilidades. Con ese conocimiento, todo conflicto concluye. 


Escribir a maquina es como gatillar una ametralladora. 


I want to die covered on paper of my own writing. 


Everything I have thought of. Everything I’ve experienced. The philosopher’s stone is a reflection of the self. Where you can’t go any further. 


We experience a reflection of the self and in that reflection there are forces that influence it. 


Tengo que conseguir papel mas finito, que al doblarse no se arrugue tanto. 


Uno puede venir aca tambien a cargarse de odio por la falta de aislamiento. Pero el aislamiento es solo una etapa del camino espiritual. Tambien hay que colapsar los universos. Unos con otros. 


Make it all one. 


I’m in love with my typewriter. 


What I got wrong was my idea of the human condition. 


Esta re bien buscar una todo el time. 


I knew very good. 


No entiendo bien de que se trata esto. 


Tipeo porque no hay de otra. 


Necesito encontrar el timing optimo para tipera. 


Escribo sin usar la vista. 


Tenia pesimo ojo ella para ver a mis a migos. Les gustaban todos los que terminaban haciendome dano. Tanto que hasta pareciera intencional. Elijo quedarme con los amigos que yo mismo considere. 


Como escribe la maquina depende de la maquina. 


Como dice usted que se llama. 


No puedo. 
No puedo revisar.
Todas las grabaciones. 


El mal tiene implantes. 


El mal es la fuerza contraria que es inferior a la fuerza positiva. Coexisten. Las fuerzas contrarias se tocan. No podemos saber donde termina una y donde empieza la otra. 


Escribir en distintas modalidades. Manuscrito, a maquina, en pc, en el celuluar. 


La maquina de escribir es facil de transcribir con una app. 


Es un flash escuchar las propias grabaciones. 


Put it down and work towards your goal. Invest more time. 
That time wasted, waste it no more. 
Go do something. 
Not all of it is planning. 


Hasta a mi me suena falso escucharme en una grabación. 


Me doy cuenta que tan concentrado estoy por la cantidad de errores de tipeo. 


Todo se queda viejo. 


“No puedo concebir un mundo donde…”.


La clave es escribir con gracia. 


Seeing that others 
were like Jesus 
is proof enough 
that he was One, 
but not The One. 
You are One. 
We are One. 


Nothing like making you die by your own words.


El pez por la boca muere. 


Parto la hoja a la mitad. La doblo. Ahi engancho otras hojas. Van con muchos parrafos pero justo la linea del medio va el hilo. Esto para encuadernar las hojas de la maquina. Que van escritas en A4 en una maquina A5.


Look at the stuffed bird.


I'm nameless.


I bird flew in when I wasn't watching. And I didn't get to see it.


We believe.
Just that.


The act of believing is called faith.


Shuffle is the dance that better represents its music.


Training them to be luts.


Total control of my visual focusing.


They create attack dogs that the elites can use.


If I had to explain it.


I thought people were going to be spooked my thoughts.


The humanity in her.


We all make progress.


Watching doesn't mean anything.


There is no law that you haven't to figure out.


Derived their metaphysics from illustrious countrymen. Plato, Hermes, Pythagoras, Jesus.


There's pre existence and post existence.


Spiritual DNA and the shadow and the seed.


It is a matter of the body.


Whatever you want to show me,
I'll watch.


Just I and questions.


They are deluding women of all categories.
https://youtu.be/GDShwIQSawM
"Deluding".


Not all women are mothers,
but all mothers are women.


The divine female principle is suppressed.


We barely know enough history as it is.
We don't rewrite history. We change its course.


The black channel.


Fear,
Volatile and
Directionless
Activity.


Sentences
are better read 
as papyrus.


Hope is an optimistic belief in the human potential.


Fortune favours the brave.


I was led there by conclusion and I came out of it by conclusion as well.


Before and after the here and now it's all back.


Spirit of adventure.
Values of freedom and truth.


They want to abolish uncertainty completely.


Human condition is not inherently unsafe.


Safety, a quasi religious quality.


"Sos muy sensible".


The black soul is one that knows nothing.


I fear no evil. 
Psalms 23.


There's a thin line between between fearlessness and foolishness.


El que no sabe lo que busca no entiende lo que encuentra.


It's easier to act when you know what the others say about you. 


Se instalan definiciones.


https://youtu.be/OAceFQ5ZdY8
"Yo solo temo a Dios. De ahí para abajo, a nadie".


Vos podrias gatillar mucho mas rapido.  


Las generaciones que tipean van a ser mucho mas inteligentes que las generaciones que leyeron. 
Escribir te hace libre de las palabras. 
Uno es preso de sus palabras. 
Mas aun  cuando no las entiende. 
Es dificil escribir a maquina pero muy… reconfortante, quizas no sea la palabra. 
No se por que me comprometo a hacer cosas que no hago. 
No se si partir de la palabra o si puedo terminarla. 


Seguramente no tengo idea de como me llamo. 


Hay que ser medio artista para tener una maquina de escribir. 


I want better for you. 
Better than me.


Escribir es tan maravilloso que casi no lo es ni un poco. 


Hay que escribir mirando las teclas. Viejas simios nos tapaban las manos. 


No podes escribir con una mano asi como tampoco podes escribir con las dos. 


Me habia olvidado que despues de una nota viene la otra. 


Typewritting , writing, writting. 


You stamp all letters on paper. 


Get into the words.


I don’t even know how to put paper in this things.


Give me space. Let me use it. I command it. I manifest. 


Lines are seen bigger than what they really are. 


Preguntame como si supiera.


Anything can be read with religiosity. It is always just the verg, what you are studying and talking about. 


Unclogged toilet bombs.


If I want to be humane, I should act humorous. There is no shame in humour. 
I laugh a lot but I still don’t know what makes me laugh. 
Because it is not like a matter of taste but an hermetic system of logic within.


Inner logic as mechanisms that unite accordingly to nature. 


This is the script for my videos. 


Video includes text, music, audio and image. Letters, mathematics. Programming. 
Define the style of your channel before you start running it. 


Make translations, add quotes. 
“Please, add references in the comments”.


It does not matter who’s idea is this, but that I’m saying it. 
Do people really need to know who invented the quotes? Even more, who was the first one to articulate it? Words are common to all. 


Having books surrounding me, I connect ideas that otherwise I wouldn’t.


You can’t feel greater because you can’t be. 


I is the only thing through which all things exist. 


God’s name is I. 


For I to pronounce I, I has to be. 


I am, before, I. 


I is God because I is the potency of being. 


All things get inside this 3,14. 


Shadow work. Combinations unbearable.
Combinations unconsidered. 
The karmic dream. 


They all have different interpretations about the meanings of the karmas. 


Appreciate I. 
Contemplate I.
I is also One.


Every ideal is a judge.


Christ brought a new spirit into the earth.


You can only become what you know.


Things are seen differently with my eyes crossed.


Tricky, yes I am.


He abused his power.
He as well was a magician.
Who can know if a good one or a bad one.


I don't kill myself even in my lowest days for respect to my art. I'm going to keep doing as much as I can for as long as I can.


Gnosticism studies knowledge.


Un error fue creer que la naturaleza alguna vez no tenía razón.


Things work how things work. Act accordingly.


I'm powerful because of my knowledge.


Sometimes I stop because sometimes it's too much but eventually you'll see once again that is good.
Weed is nature served to you.


Drugs natural are the messages of God.


Disinformation.


What part of myself am I willing to sell? If not my writings, if not my music. What's my work.


To work in something you have to show them something for them to see before they hire you.


Being perceptually distorted says so much about the reality of your own perception.


One can never forget what he knows.
One knows past, present and future.


I trust myself.
I won't ever do to others what would righteously disgust myself.


What do I think of myself. How do I judge myself.


I have now a greater sense of ridicule.


if she wants the amplifier, I'll give it to her. If they'd let me, I'd buy it.


Time in sentences is interchangeable.


We need rest from God.


Images wouldn't appear so feelings were pure and good.


We are better when the oscillation is closer to the center. Closer to the middle. Goes not black or white but grey.


No shame, no worries.
But most importantly no confusion, no desperation.


I've dreamed about Jungian psychology written on the cover of a book, the teachings of Buddha, that now we inmense, at the beginning small.
One person holding a newspaper over my face for me to see. 
A trip to grandfather's home.
I was already in the bathroom. After the first drop, I realised it was a dream.
There's no opportunity to dream again. Try to catch them all.
Size is the matter of dimension.
The metaphysic expresses in the physic.
Entraba el padre y a Mauro lo humillaba. 
Bene se iba después de bardear a los jóvenes y las drogas apenas pudiendo caminar, sosteniéndose como podía apunto de vomitar.


Saber.
Osar.
Querer.


Está a la vista lo que pasa cuando no dejas a otros experimentar el mundo.


La desconexión de la realidad comienza con la desconexión con otros.


Chapter from Quran "be good to your parents if either or both attend attain old age (…) speak to them with words of respect and lower to them the wing of humbleness out of mercy and say 'my lord be merciful to them as they raised me since I was little'".


Proceso de asimilación o sincretismo religioso.


El Toro como animal simbólico de el.


Dios es una persona.
El.
Ella.


Toro como símbolo de fuerza y energía vital.


A VER COMO QUEDA ALGO FULL CAPS.


The only thing virtuous enough to share is art.


I'll be with those who dream great.


Dorada pampeana.


La tortuga es mí animal espiritual.
Y la rata.