In this realm where everything exists God is a narrative l negative.
You're always going to be positive. Nothing is lacking. Abundance.


A mí nunca nadie me habló de este reino de lo desconocido. De todo lo que no es para que esto sea.


Forget images. You are not. The source of all my powers.


Being something new. Going back to being nothing.


I can refuse to believe my new conclusions. No matter how bad I do not want them.


Lies are complex. Multiple dimensions to it.


I gave a name to it.


You wouldn't see it in someone you truly respect.


I had no respect for no one. I used to hate that word.


I should go where no one could ever find me.


Not smoking is as active of a process as smoking.


I cannot act until I clearly see the answer.


Mi planta es como mi mascota.


Love expands who she is. Lust reduces her.


Charity. Giving love.


I don't like them reduced.


I am winning this battle.


There's nothing between me and the darkness.


The ultimate solution to any question is the self.


To be magnetic always miss the target.


Feelings come from dimensions beyond.


Other dimensions are required.


Always miss the target.


Life is about missing the target.


Metaphysics and mathematics are the same thing.


Justified true belief. Knowledge.


Arithmology.


Theology of arithmetics.


Unity through the diversity of its people.


Leaps of faith.


The responsibility is of the wise.


You can say everything about anything. Right now.


La cancelación de fase cancela el efecto físico. Metafísica.


Tengo que ver también cuántos bolazos digo.


You can only fight things in the moment.


What are the natural relationships.


Being driven by passion and not purpose is dangerous.


Soundwaves can carry matter.


Alien civilization could have colonized the galaxy.


Game-like nature of reality.


Quantum works like economics.


Sensing is anchors you to the present because you can only here and now.


La cuarta dimensión añade dos direcciones.


Vive, ríe.


No te aferres tampoco a lo bueno. Compartí.


Gorillla zkittlez.


Culture is not a biologically transmitted complex.


Vos miras algo y obtenes su reflejo.


Be much more interested in the latest discoveries than warfare.


Ultramassive black hole.


Is the universe recycling itself. From sink to source from source to sink.


Siempre hay algo dentro de mí empujando de vuelta.


Las lecciones de la realidad no matan al idealista. Lo educan.


Dios es razonamiento.


Every man is guilty of the good things he didn't do.


I can think of all possibilities at all times.


I can be all possibilities at all times.


Brain waves known as gamma oscillations, which typically occurs during dreaming and memory retrieval.


Mathematics. Knowledge about eternal forms.


Eternal truths mathematics embodies.


All truths are fully determinate in mathematics.


One answer to every open question.


There are different mathematical universes.


Mathematical statements.


Using mathematics as a conceptual model.


Amar es lo que más cuesta.


Mathematicians and philosophers both build a mindmap of reality.


I want to learn mathematics.


Worlds of ideas are moving worlds.


Singularity itself from which an infinitely large universe emerged: “everything” literally came from “nothing".


Zero is also the “monad” of Leibniz (an Illuminati Grand Master). It is therefore the number of THE SOUL, and it has INFINITE capacity.


Being dimensionless – a mathematical point.


The soul is outside the dimensional, material domain of space and time, hence the soul is indestructible, immortal and cannot be detected by any conventional scientific experiment.


There is NO Creator God but, astoundingly, each soul is capable of being promoted to God status.


In Illuminism, if you reach gnosis – enlightenment – you become God.


Mathematics is literally everything. Unlike science, mathematics offers certainty: 100% true and incontestable knowledge.


Mathematics unifies science, religion and metaphysics.


Mathematics is the true Grand Unified Theory of Everything that science pursues so futilely.


Science can never deliver truth and certainty because it is inherently a succession of provisional theories, any of which can be overturned at any time by new experimental data. Science is based on ideas of validation and falsification. Mathematics is based on absolute analytic and unarguable certainty. No experiment can ever contradict a mathematical truth.


Mathematics is the ONLY answer to everything.


Mathematics is the ONLY subject inherently about eternal, Platonic truth.


There's no limit in space.


As soon as existence is understood to be nothing but ontological mathematics, all questions are ipso facto answered.


The power of ontological mathematics to account for everything, including things such as free will, irrationalism, emotion, consciousness and qualia.


0, 1, i, pi, e. Most important mathematical symbols.


What matters is the one.
What antimatters is the -one.


Looks for relations of irreducible simplicity.


Reality is a cancellation. Phase cancellation.


Combining rotation and growth not both at the same time.


From everything you can learn one thing at least.


Golden ratio (infinite decimal) and Fibonacci (sequence of numbers).


Describes the arrangement of leaves and petals in plants.


All the answers to physics, light, mind, prime numbers, the universe, in the God equation.


Enchantment. That's what most don't have.


The ritual is to deal with the dark.


Ella es too much porque todo quiere hacer.


Primero encara uno todo descreído.


Sensing thinking.
Feeling intuition.


You represent things with numbers.


Male represented by real numbers.
Female represented by imaginary numbers.
Always balance out to zero.
It gives esoteric thinking a mathematical underpinning.


When you read you don't have to see what is true and what is not true. Believe everything. Discern afterwards.


Yo no la cargo a esta decisión.


Fue una historia horrible y terminó de la peor manera.


She believes everything that is said to her. Innocence.


What you believe will manifest in NDEs.


Treat everything as if it was true.


Enough meditations on the light.


Hay que hablar de lo que es una mierda.


Mind is 100% mathematical. Responsible for all spiritual experiences.


El peso es una dimensión que se pierde en el sueño.


See space. Always look at the space and miss the target.


Missing the target is a way of life. You can't do the equivalent of your purpose. You can do one step projecting in that direction, and consider it done.


I became stupid when I didn't want to listen.
School made me deaf to people, turning them to music.


Integration between the frequency and space/, time domain.


Reincarnation cycle is also a mathematical function.


100% damage.


Show your soul, monad, what you really are.


Minds have the ability to imagine.


Complex functions made dynamic by a monad.


The monad is the mathematical mind.


The holos and the hollows.


Te hacen creer que no existen las direcciones.


Si empezó en algún lado tiene que trazar una línea recta con el punto en que termina.


Nature's way of analyzing data.


Structural biology. Biophysics.


Interpret light and sound waves for millions of years.


Photonic domain, singularity.


Things being actualised in the space/time domain.


It's about eternal motion and what's being actualised within it.


One eternal motion through imaginary and real space.


You are always connected to everything present being actualized instant by instant in space/time.


If it hasn't been actualised in space/time, you won't be connected to it outside of space/time because it hasn't happened.


The power of the monad mind.


What's the relation between the fundamental numbers.


Iteration in mathematics may refer to the process of iterating a function i.e. applying a function repeatedly, using the output from one iteration as the input to the next.


The physical world isn’t really anything but incorporeal mathematical forces made corporeal by their inverse operations. Points with the illusion they are interfering (because of their mathematical coordinates) but are in fact, a singularity.


The uncertainty principle basically says that you can’t make the uncertainty in a particle’s position and the uncertainty in momentum arbitrarily small at the same time.


It was only a matter of time until the human intellect caught up to our internal processing systems and was able to functionally describe this process.


It’s insane to think the senses can tell us more truth than mathematics, which is eternal.


This is all the senses really are, mathematical ways to process mathematical information.


If you thought you were being told the truth, you'd pay attention.


Why not fully embrace mathematics, the source.


Mathematics is both the source and the sink.


For each there's an exact opposite looking back at it.


Del infinito para acá los números son negativos.
Del cero para allá los números son negativos.


Functions are self actualising truths.


“the tragic thing is that psychology has no self-consistent mathematics at its disposal, but only a calculus of subjective prejudices.” – Carl Jung


The only way to learn is reading and writing.


A longing for a mathematical basis to the psyche.


The psyche is an objective reality to which the investigator can gain access by the methods of natural science.


By the methods of natural science. There are indications that psychic processes stand in some sort of energy relation to the physiological substrate. In so far as they are objective events, they can hardly be interpreted as anything but energy processes.


Energy processes.


Equations are things that as equals cancel themselves.


Energy is defined as mathematical quantity.


Vibration does not have direction. It is outer but also inner.


We don’t really know what energy is.


Energy is potency.


It seems to be this weird abstract property of the universe. Energy is just a number.


Energy is number and a substance. It is mathematics and mind but, also subjectively energy is defined by mathematical quality.


Science focuses on the quantitative aspect of mathematics, but not the qualitative. The qualitative side is the content part of mathematics, the part that’s experienced by mathematical minds (monads).


Die old self.


See when remaining still is the good thing to do.


See when doing nothing is the good thing to do.


Que tan grande es lo que estoy viendo en mí mente. Que tan pequeño es.


Tirada tarot.
Tirar principio y final. Source y sink. Cómo comienza una historia cualquiera, y como termina una historia cualquiera.


You rest in your presence.


Archimedes principles.


All war is based on deception.


La denuncia es de otra época.


"I know nothing" means I see infinite possibilities.


Reality, mythology, and spirituality.


Time dilation proven with atomic clock.


Las causas perdidas son las únicas por las que vale la pena luchar.


Que sean más pajeros es una cuestión de consciencia.


He thinks he's good at the game, but he doesn't know the game.


I am the wisest because I find the strangest.


Religious rituals. Calendar making. Natural magic.


"The imagery that comes with the psychedelic experience is a theme that runs through ancient art, so I’m sure that psychedelic experience and other techniques, like dancing and music, were used by our early ancestors to enhance consciousness, which then facilitated spirituality, art, and medicine.”


Truth found where.


They want to control our cultural commons for their own commercial benefit.


Not only muscular but harmonious.


I was obsessed with the end of the world.


The law of universal attraction. Newton.


Absolute space and time.


He believed that absolute space was the place inhabited by God, the form of existence of his universal spirit, and absolute time is an infinite duration of the divine presence.


The Book of Daniel (Old Testament), in which the prophet accurately predicted the date of Christ’s coming to earth, the death of the Son of God, and his resurrection.


La tarea de los periodistas es garantizar que los dominados acepten su dominio. Diego Fusaro.


Conviertan a los iguales en sus propios vigilantes y creerán ser diferentes.


I've unlocked the true power of the ages.


Believe you are God, then you will be. Choose the best path for your God.


Distraction is when astral projection becomes a dream.


El centro está en mí mente. Al menos el de mí consciencia. Listen to the heart.


Proyecto con la mirada puesta al centro.


Proyecto. Si perdí el control puedo observar.


There's a God of the living and a God of the dying.


We are not alive after death.


God must have a reason.


El punto es conceptuar. No discutir lo relativo al particular del ejemplo.


The things I can do in my mind are all presented in nature with all its complexity. Look at it.


"Llenarse de guita". Diugh, soberbia. Disgust.


I was sad I couldn't be good with them.


Los militantes del estado tienen valores cristianos y solo les da asco el pecado del dinero. 


How do you paint the word around you? You hear a hit. It could be her hitting her. Or the horses. But then, screams. "The via caga palo nena". Se corre una mesa. "...teparió".


They teach us how to read and write because otherwise we would have learnt in our own ways, and found better ways to say the things we really want to say.


Le voy a decir a ella que me ayude con la página.


Todas las ellas son la misma ella. 
Todos los yo son el mismo yo.


No nos enseñan unidad. Nos enseñan multiplicidad.


Eran solo un montón de palabras que no entendíamos. Quien pretendía saber todo lo que esas cosas significaban? Todos los compañeros creídos inteligentes, con altura cargaban su insignia. De algunos pensábamos que eran medio pelotudos.


I feel bad for not having been good with them.


The infinite felt. Infinite being. What lacks in reality, exists felt within. As its reflection. As it's opposite.


We see reality mirrored. We look at it. It looks back at us.


I do have the spirit of God. But it is not what.


Satan is pure light. When we project but loose focus, the rest relays on the prince of this world. It goes outwards. God and data. Are in different layers of reality. Satan is inferior. It's matter. Matter is not all that matters.


God is the source of all inspiration. However you represent it. We all have one God. The source of all inspiration is one colour.


See how things unfold.


All hers are hers. 


I'm the monad. The king of all of my kingdom.


You find in the gods what a limited God can look like. The archetype of godlike images.


Infinite source of inspiration is the whole. The more you add to the whole, the more you'll see.


El agua y el aceite es toda la verdad.


This is the revival of all gods. We don't need them dead. We need them all alive.


Living the pieces you reconstruct.


God is for me. It is a tool. I can use it for good or for bad. As long as I don't use god to manifest it, it is not good nor bad. It's not about the consequences. It is about what drives you.


The path of righteousness is about trying until the end.


Free from lethargy.


She is magic like Julio.


En el colegio no aprendes nada porque cualquiera te corrige. Si cualquiera te corrige vos sos el único que está mal.


Me gustaba salir cuando conocía a los que iban. Solamente.


Apollo and Dionysus
Posted on 2012-02-26 by Cologero
There are two kinds of people in the world: those who believe there are two kinds of people in the world and those who don’t.


Philosophers unite under one concept.


The philosopher's stone is the amount of knowledge he acquired throughout his life if one could give it dimension. The mind of God first becomes rock. 


Earth from rock became mud.


Evolution does not deny god.


No quiero hablar de vos. Te uso de vehículo.


Man being its own master.


You teach yourself things.


The coming of a God man.


Nikolai Berdyaev. New Middle Age 


In reality the medieval civilization was a renaissance in opposition to the barbarism and darkness which had followed the fall of the civilization of antiquity, a chaos in which Christianity alone had been the light and the principle of order. For long it was believed that this complex and rich period had been a great void in the intellectual history of mankind and of its philosophical thought, when as a matter of fact these centuries had so many excellent thinkers and such diversity in the realm of their thought that noting like it can be found at any other epoch; the things which were substantial and living for them are counted as superfluous luxuries in Modern times. Our age resembles that of the fall of the Roman empire, the failure and drying-up of Graeco-Roman culture, forever the head-water of all European culture. Modernist art recalls the loss of the old forms of perfection under the barbarian invasions; our social and political activities resemble those under the emperor Diocletian, when man was no longer his own master; religious and philosophico-mystical researches to-day are not unlike the curious examining of the mysteries at the end of Greek philosophy – betraying a hunger for the Incarnation, for the coming of a God-Man. Spiritually, our time is like the Hellenistic age with its universalism and syncretism. A return to the middle ages is then a return to a better religious type, for we are far below their culture in the spiritual order; and we should hurry back to them the more speedily because the movements of negation in our decadence have overcome the positive creative and strengthening movements. The middle ages was not a time of darkness, but a period of night; the medieval soul was a “night-soul” wherein were displayed elements and energies which afterwards shut themselves up within themselves at the appearing of this weary day of modern history. And so, without fear or discouragement, we must leave this day of modern history and enter a medieval night. May God dispel all false and deceptive light.


What's one not paragraph.


God is the higher.


Greek gods are the most human. Greco roman.


Greek gods aren't false. Just represent something else. Men and women all-powerful.


Time is elastic. What's does it mean to be human.


Satanás, odia a Dios y a los hombres.


Wondering is how dangerous become. Still, you can't not wonder.


The goal of life is living in agreement with nature.


Your life never happened to you.


Live in the expectant of the unpredictable.


All against me always wins.


Hijos sanos del progresismo.


"Libertarios con mensajes golpistas que dicen que a la gente hay que tirarla desde un avión". 


Los zurdos confunden opinión con conocimiento.


Venimos de la sociedad. La individuacion es un proceso en esta busqueda de la identidad. 


No te define tu entorno, te definis vos. No vas a ser nunca la pieza que calza justa en el lugar que queda.


Identidad metafísica compartida. 


https://youtu.be/FozoDfaw3Zk
“Gente que no lee”.
“Misóginos, racistas”.
“No les da para estar en el Conicet”.
“Brutos, ignorantes”.
“Ninguno tiene ninguna cátedra”.
"Infantiles".
"Escasez intelectual".
"No leen un libro".
"Incapacidad de armar un argumento."
“Proponen la agresión, la ignorancia y debatir opinología”.


Why is it so hard to live in the uncertainty of the next instant? Why not let myself always be surprised? 


Why don't you like surprises? Do you hate every instant?


"Muchas gracia gurise".


"Te cargaste al hombro una habitación sola".  Era chico. Eso me dio un montón de estrés. Me hizo elegir y me mandó para arriba.


Enfrentando bestias peligrosas y vecinos que buscan equivocarnos.


Son todas excusas las que pongo.


La loca me preguntaba si le podía contar cómo era yo porque quería diez canciones en el disco y le faltaban algunas. Quería hacer una sobre mí. Con galle estuvimos gran parte de la noche hablando.


Movidas libres. 


Fiestas oscuras.


Nothing should go fast and peak.


Baños de inmersión en agua helada es lo que tengo que hacer cada mañana para activar.


I can represent a recent memory in a different way and call it deja vu.


Movement is good. 


Writing is good only if, at least, makes someone move. 


How is it that two sentences can be written by the same writer and one is good and the other one is shit. Writers write in completely different states of consciousness. Uninspired, unable to connect with the inner realm, the writer still write. Writing is a function that can be completed, as many others. But I can be empty, even with one not realising it. 


Dogma doesn’t come from the person that writes.


"In much wisdom, is much grief. And he that increaseth that knowledge, increaseth sorrow."


"Nothing is true. Everything is permitted." Idealismo mágico. Lo único cierto.


"All that is good in me, began with you, father." Prayer for tradition.


Altair Ibn La Ahad means "the bird, son of no one". From Arabic to English.


Only the father can be son of no one.


A man chooses, a slave obeys’, and we were very much the latter.


The mistake of believing you have to have the right mindset first, before doing anything.


Don't wait for the right mindset to act. You'll die before you feel ready.


Tenía olor a pata en el sueño de anoche. 


Senses are activated with or without actual causality.


I chose to believe absolutely everything that went through my head. At no particular order.


There is wisdom in my words. Fuck off.


Cómo me va a fastidiar que me peguen descuidado.


La vida es para reírse como si fuera una peli. Igual que una peli. Desapego.


El desapego a las pelis no impide 


Los pensamientos se ponen cada vez más complejos.


Las filosofías son universos personales. Tienen lugar en el idealismo mágico.


Añadile lenguaje a tus creencias y ya tenés filosofía.


I write the text as if I was God. Talking never about me, but about all at the same time. That's what God is. All at the same time.


God is not nothing but all at the same time.


He said "I am God" and you all fell for it.


I write as if I'm God, so I heal.


En vez de abrir una red social abro mis escritos. 


"Time is for aging and decay. Minutes are arbitrary". I don't think that can be true. Time is for all. And it exists because it's exact.


I celebrate people for their minds, not their religion. Their religion doesn't tell me a thing.


There are no sides. All individuals. Fighting their own battles in community. Not all want to censor. In no part of the political spectrum.


I want to end my life being wise. 


El necesita alguien con quién hablar, no yo.


Intento decir algo de eso (a lo que se han referido), sin dejar de ser creativo. Por eso cuando me piden reporte y lista no puedo pasarelas de buena gana. A eso lo hago mecanizado. ¿Cómo tiras una secuencia de nombres mirando a alguien a la cara sin parecer un mogólico? ¿Qué gestos podés hacer mientras? ¿Cómo te acordás del orden correcto de todos los acontecimientos? Y por dónde empezás? ¿Contás todo? No da lugar a la expresión. 


Do not run from your thoughts.


La gramática es correcta o incorrecta en sí misma.


Un párrafo es correcto o incorrecto en sí mismo.


150 Spaniards with guns and measles and smallpox. The question being: DNA analysis may have finally revealed what killed 15 million Aztecs.


La guerra Ucrania-Rusia son los vasallos revelándose. El sistema no ha cambiado. Es una monarquía con una matrix.


Voy a grabar todas las líneas por separado. Voy a ser el kick. Después voy a ser el redo. Armo alta canción al toque.


A los bajos solo le corresponden unas frecuencias.




They are not aware of their surroundings. We are.


Fuck it. I'm done with it. I've done it. Free once again. Remember.


I don't do it because my life is not that. My life can't drastically become that. Everything that happens is gradual. No matter how sudden.


Talk as if you were God itself.


I can't decide whether I should live or not.


Solo se estudia con ganas.


Meditate in a simulation inside a simulation.


Could you behave as if you were son of no one, father of all?


No books, no wisdom, just you. Requiscat in pace, fratello mío.


We live in the dark to serve the light.


In revelations he reached legendary status.


https://youtu.be/cGQ7LSAQwo4
Listen to what you want and what you are afraid of.
The shadow can look big or small.


Synchronize with the real world.


I'm still young to find my influences.


I do not want to cause pain to no one I love anymore. I don't feel the need.


Shadow can cause a cloud in your judgement. It can increase, decrease.


Humans have always found a way to coexist and respect each other. 


Universal moral framework. Accepted by every soul on the planet. 


Clarence to every aspect of your existence. 


Struggle will always manifest. 


Voluntarily accept suffering. Life is suffering. 


Understand it’s mechanics. 


We find out details about systems that are usually obscure. We could then see how what we found could improve the system as a whole.


What we discover can improve the performance of the system as a whole.


Clarity manifests itselfy.


The early stages of a collective enlightenment.


The only obstacle to clarity is its Shadow.


Madness is a special form of the spirit.


So much madness in life but so much truth can be found in madness.


Le dije a mi vieja en sueños: "todas las religiones son la misma religión". Cómo diciendo "si querés entender de qué se trata, empezá por entender ésto".


Soñé que mis viejos me ofrecían poner las plantas de marihuana en el patio.


You use the illusion to get out of the illusion.


The game isn’t to end up a good meditator; but to end up free.
The game isn’t to end up a good Buddhist; it’s to end up Buddha.
The game isn’t to end up a good Christian; but to end up Christ.
The game isn’t to end up loving; it’s to end up being love.


Cada uno de nosotros es un centro.


If your heart is tight and closed, approach devotional yogas and techniques.


If you find that you’re tuning to spaces where huge amounts of energy are pouring through you, And your body is weak, get your diet straight. Learn to sit tall so that energy can flow freely through you and you can become strong.


Surrender into the whole force of the universe.


Open into that ocean of love that is lying within you.


Begin to hear the lineage or the tradition which will be the tunnel through which you will progress.


Eclecticism will only take you so far.


You go through a lineage.


When the people that lead do not have the full connection, they cling to the institution, rather than the truth.


Podemos vivir en el misterio (-1). Porque de lo incognoscible también se puede hablar.


Spiritual love.


Be a son of no one and a daughter of no one. Become a father to all and a mother to all.


Mother Moret.


«La metafísica y la cosmogonía religiosa han tratado de reducir el mundo a símbolos o a ideas primarias»  Jorge Luis Borges


Cada logia tiene su espíritu.


En la división se contraponen dos enteros.


Return to Quilmes. Return to Phillip.


Rome, center of power, greed and corruption.


Not everything I say can be true. Nor close to it. 


Arrogance in Nietzsche. Or just seems like it. 
Arrogance in Jesus. Or just seems like it. 
Arrogance in JBP. Or just seems like it.


The idiot is not one that is stupid, but one that is clueless.  


There is a need for a mythical map. 


The geography does not matter. My geography matters. 


What manifests is always what is believed to be true. What matters is what manifests. 


Only magical idealism manifests. 


Life teaches you that it will never be worth it. 


Higher ideals matter more than conservative pride. 


Do with your full body or do not do. 


You can’t do just with a little bit of your body. 
You either carry disgrace or the whole universe. When you surrender you become miserable or whole, depending on it. 


This is the only truth. Every possibility is true. Magical Idealism. 


What if you could be consciouss of all at the same time? 


Every possibility is true. Your whole personality is psychosomatic. 


Violence needs a healthier expression. 


Software. File merger. Add the paragraphs that are not duplicates. 


Double negatives prove God. That which, for not being, twice, is.


Production = creating energy
Mixing = managing that energy


I do not always know what I'm writing. It just all makes sense in the long term.


A shark being chased by a whale.


The duty of a leader is to serve their people, not for people to serve them.


A big part of drinking tea is inhaling its fumes. Like in food or coffee, smell is a big part of taste.


Creativity is actualising all your possibilities.


Smoking won't ever be worth it.


They are profiting out of the downfall of our country.


Detach from emotions when playing a game.


You know everything you experience, you can replicate. Do drugs, then do mirroring.
 
We are subject of our own interpretation.


Principalities are about principles.


For something to be signified, it first needs to be significant.


Por qué no presto atención.


History is the manifestation of Philosophy.


More respect for philosophy than for any man or woman.


Spirit is substance and mind is a mirror.


Sensual horror. Is there such a thing?


En la narración intelectualidad y actualidad no tienen distinción. Los dos hacen al tiempo moverse hacía adelante.


What's more intimate than oneself?


They indoctrinate you just with linguistics.


I've let myself be random and chaotic and I found order and that my spirit was greater than I ever imagined.


The truth and the law is hermeticum.


Piercings, not tattoos.


You can divide any paragraph into smaller paragraphs. Split. Divide. 


This is my lowest.


Love for all creatures. Why would disapproval cause hate?


Hay que dejar de entender tanto a la gente y buscar hacerla entender.


The snake is in the inside but relates to the outside. Something out of the system for you to deal with.


Changes manifest.


Hair is the covering and hair is also death. 


Mix Christianity and Hellenic myth.


Snake changes all the time.


There are agents of transformation in both dark and bright senses.


Solidity Vs falling apart or breaking down.


Grabbing at something or pointing it out makes it real.


Para resolver el enojo tengo que enojarme. Expresar el enojo. Aunque sea cuando estoy solo.


I grasped that idea.


Grabbing makes things act vertically. Letting go acts horizontally. Abandon or give up.


Magical idealism talks only about imagery.


The snake can be used as a monster to come and eat your enemy.


Why would I feel a conclusion? Why would feeling it make my conclusion any truer or falser.


The serpent tells her something and she believes him. And proceeds to act in coordination with the belief in the word of the serpent.


Analogous doesn't mean directly.


The fountain of pure water and the well.


Symbolism is fractal and works at different levels. From matter to spirit. 


The world has its shadow. That which can't be shown to itself because otherwise wouldn't be.


The same symbol can act both horizontally and vertically.


Confusion in causality when the end comes near the beginning.


Serpents spiral upwards or downwards.


There are microcosmic and macrocosmic levels where symbols apply.


Jesus only because he was son on none was consider father of all. He was Jewish but did not want others to be Jewish.


A story about a guy that couldn't grow old, but everyone else did while he was meditating.


God created in the faith. The artist creates in the faith.


There's a theory for visionary dreams.


The philosopher just needs food for thought. 


Sophia is the sacred feminine. Philosophy, the pursuit of knowledge, is a sexual union.


Depression weighs on you.


Death is an entry to life.


Mission failed successfully. Life is supposed to fail.


Deterioro intelectual, cultural, educativo.


Los Provida no son un grupo. Son todos menos ustedes.


Me enseñan a fumar de una pipa de una puerta de bronce. La saco de una puerta.


Nature tells us how much do can endure 


Do joint preparation exercises for your wrists, elbows, shoulders, core, glutes, knees & ankles. Also rest. 


En internet se encuentra de todo. Ese es el problema.


Earth emerged from water. Ponds created new types of fish. We didn't come directly from the ocean into the coast as if it was always there. We were always fish because we were in all water.


To grasp something you need to circle it and always miss the target.


Work always in the -1.


La propaganda está perdiendo su encanto. 


There is always something signifying salvation if you are paying attention. Always something significant comes to the rescue. You have to be able to pick up the cues.


I’m going to make my workout routine picking up books. 
Building also two piles for me to do dips. 


Many things that I write are just for me. The things that are not, once were. 


Quiero una librería de libros esotericos. 


Mysteries are living forces.


Esta bien la compra de birra que hice. 


You can't go outside of the system but you can transcend it.


Gaming? Yes. But only single player campaigns. You game for the same reason you read. To learn. 


Is there a way to send a message to outer space that multiplies itself.


Las proyecciones tienen arte, pero hay un límite. 


Once you hold it in, it is yours forever.


La conclusión tiene que pasar por la conducción de solvencia intertemporal.


The devil is above human nature.


I underline all out of context. To study. To copy. To generate new thoughts.


I'll leave my mouth open for the rest of my life.


La medicina es diferente en todas partes del mundo.


Cada personaje histórico te guiará hacia un gran entendimiento. AC.


Full immersive animus experiences. AC is Jungian.


Of course there's bleeding after an immersive experience.


Liberar a otros es hermandad. 


So much wisdom in AC.


Potencial sin disciplina es un desperdicio.


Hermandad implica que son todos iguales.


Los artefactos son los yacimientos de los precursores.


Nuestra guerra va más allá de la política.


Plantas y animales propios de un sueño de opio.


Que arrogancia en creer saber cómo son otras personas.


I obeyed because he asked me.


Water was all there was.


I don't need weed to see. I see because I'm and I have that skill.


Faith fills the gap.
 the  
fg been GBG v v by be BBB bg BB b BB fgbbb b. BB BB GB. GB BB BB BB BB by  returns to the universe after we die.


Things mean by themselves.


Relaciones de amor y respeto.


Las formas de reclamar conspiran contra el reclamo.


All prices are relative since value is relative to the agreement of the parts. If it dropped 70%, probably there's a new average value.


Currencies are not so necessary. Not so many. Stick to the classics and buy stock.


Los secretos son invisibles hasta para quien los posee. Amigos poseen el secreto de la calma, otros de la lógica, otros de la autodisciplina.


Si no entreno es solo porque no me hago el lugar.


Al metal no se le pegan los sabores.


My way of writing made me understand many more things about thought structures and mechanics.


Did Jesus call himself the Messiah? Or did others call him that? 


Hay militancias de la ciencia que lo unico que hacen es reducir el todo a una sola parte. La ciencia, cuanto mucho, puede comenzar desde la singularidad. Pero lo que comienza desde la singularidad ES singularidad. 


I didn’t know I had a will. 


Phrases refer to different periods of my life. 


“I want my head to be in order”.


La práctica militante se inferior al liderazgo individual independiente. 


Invocar espiritus. Las musas son los espíritus que invocamos para que nos inspiren. 


You can transcend culture. You need to, in order to find truth. 


I knew already that reading about the devil would deform my beliefs.


There's just one thing true: every possibility. What I believe, is true. Believe better.


Creativity proves nothing else exists.


A minimalist website.


Lo místico no es superstición.


Torus is all the space represented as actual points.


Representations act as actual. Play pretend.


Everything in a game is there for you to pick it up.


I want to be eclectic. Don't want no traditional belief system.


Existence is two poles.


I can know things beforehand and forget about them afterwards. I can always, obviously, remember.


Every single day trying to find a way out for 10 years.


From singularity, multiplicity reaches two poles at the minimum scale.


The first dot exists in another layer. The canvas is empty space. Matter does not override it.


The first dot is also empty.


Is it all white and one black? Or all black and one white?


It is not incorrect to believe by analogy. Faith is not anchored in nothing.


The price to life is suffering.


Mutamento perpetuo.


Always put things in perspective.


Knowing that we are all going to die is frightening yet comforting. As equal to it, is life.


First grab things intuitively.


Is king of pentacles, abundance?


King is on top of the chain.


Give my city a name. Who came here first. With what ideals? Ohio is well known just because they made a name of them.


Push back. Reject modernity.


Culpa aquiliana.


Limpiar desde la periferia hacia el centro.


Cómo la estupidez es infinita la inteligencia también puede serlo.


In AC they are all individuals.


If you describe someone as an iconoclast, you mean that they often criticize beliefs and things that are generally accepted by society.
[formal]
They often identify as outsiders, as iconoclasts, as someone who doesn't quite fit. 
Sinónimos: rebel, radical, dissident, heretic   Más sinónimos de iconoclast


iconoclast
in British English
(aɪˈkɒnəˌklæst)
SUSTANTIVO
1. a person who attacks established or traditional concepts, principles, laws, etc
2. 
a. a destroyer of religious images or sacred objects
b. an adherent of the heretical movement within the Greek Orthodox Church from 725 to 842 ad, which aimed at the destruction of icons and religious images


Origen de la palabra iconoclast
C16: from Late Latin iconoclastes, from Late Greek eikonoklastes, from eikōn icon + klastēs breaker
iconoclast
in American English
(aɪˈkɑnəˌklæst)
SUSTANTIVO
1.  one opposed to the religious use of images or advocating the destruction of such images
2.  one who attacks and seeks to destroy widely accepted ideas, beliefs, etc.


SUSTANTIVO
1. a breaker or destroyer of images, esp. those set up for religious veneration
2. a person who attacks cherished beliefs, traditional institutions, etc., as being based on error or superstition


Intelligent, quick-witted, attractive, and something of an iconoclast, which at her age is right and proper. Juliet.


Palabra del día
aerodonetics
the study of soaring or gliding flight , esp the study of gliders.


Soñé con un loco.


I do not fear the devil. I feared liking it. Now I'm glad to know I do not need it. 


I always interrupt what I'm doing to write a line.


Roots in hell. Cup in heaven.


Autism as a spectrum of human diversity.


I get distracted by ecstatic things. I've always been.


ADHD a symptom not a condition.


Gold within. Electricity makes gold. Tesla is key to alchemy.


Cuál es el olor del mundo.
Tierra y mar.


All we have is rhetoric.


Always live in truth.


Intellectual femme fatale.


Weakness out of resentment and self pity.


Me invitaban a fumar en un sueño para romper el hielo. 


“Acuerdense eh”.
“Nah, acá se graba todo”.
El registro ancla al pasado. 


Every time I’m tired, I have to quit smoking weed. I know now, even though I may forget in the future, that weed keeps me in this lethargy where I don’t feel there’s enough energy in my body to move or exercise. Quitting weed, I have plenty and I even want to move and train strength.l


Está todo en el camino.


"I am" is the name of God.


Symbolic is also true.


Sacrificial system.


Everyone pushes their own agenda.


John 10:34
Jesus answered them: "Has it not been written in your law 'i said, your are god's'".


The highest principle to you is God to you. The highest  is "I am".


Adenoids increment pressure on my ear.


Mycel that mushrooms have, neurons have. One that controls the others. The one from which it all starts. Communications start somewhere and neurons communicate.
LLL ollkkilllllklllllllklllollllllllol
Cc
That which comes from a mystery into existence, is a miracle.


There are numbers that I like. 333. 666. 420.


Nothing is 0 but all is also 0.


"The father and I are as one".
to ilkoiiikokliilolllllllkloiool I'll lloklllllllllklkklllllll
No one knows the son except the kill look ker.


From men to the angels to the son to the father. What the historical Jesus believed. 


I imagined how it would be to die under those circumstances.


El pan está hecho si suena hueco.


Doblar la masa sobre sí misma.


La cocina es una analogía metafísica. El agua y el aceite.


No me interesa la identidad. "Yo soy" es el nombre de Dios. Yahweh.


Folded in itself, your are mirrored. I am that I am. Yahweh.


Hay un padre de todos los dioses y una madre de todos las diosas.


El que siempre escucha es Dios porque todo lo que existe se vuelca en él.


I will not die. It's the world that will end. Ayn Rand departed from the same principle I did when I just started realising a few things. What is factual is not all that there is, but what is factual is also the first principle from which we can start reasoning.


Facts are not all that there is to truth.


Not stoned, I'm faster and have to calculate less.


Rascas y se rompe.


I see in the darknes of the night if I only close a bit my eyes. Bright eyes and long eyelashes. My body made perfect sense just for me.


I am.


No hay mal que por bien no venga.


Responder con amor. Única regla para la vida.


Mi padre es igual a mí.


Cuando jesús describía a su padre se describía a sí mismo. Un duplicado, patrón, más grande.


Suena la música que me pasó mí hermana y estoy drogado y mamado y es lo más.


Buenos viajes.


Lo que tiene el alcohol es que son viajes largos. Eso es.


Lo largo del viaje es lo que importa. Cuanto más tiempo experimentamos, más plenos somos.


No tengo por qué creerme los golazos que digo.


Nos enseñan a tener mente de policía.


Acabando con las mentes de policía.


Parece como si la música viniera del JBL.


Yo no voy a decirlo. Ellos van a decirlo.


Dios es igual a vos. But highest.


Iconoclasta. Eso sí. La actitud positiva. 


Iconoclasta. El único valor que voy a perseguir. No es la libertad. No esa clase de libertad a la que se que me refiero. Si no a esta otra. Libre de la matrix, trayendo a cuántos pueda conmigo.


If I was the one it would be a bit suspicious.


El creyó que iba a ser importante y no lo fue porque no lo creyó.


Las frases que quedan para la historia fueron dichas con sinceridad.


No one wants to believe that they could be the one. 


We all are the one.


Nos conecta una planta. Dos mil años después.
Y un fuego. El mismo que veían tus ojos. Nada cambió.


No podes penetrar en la luz. No podes saber que hay más allá.


No sé ve para el otro lado. Que pánico, porque allá vamos.


Recién estaba con Guido. Pero Guido se fue hace rato. Quedan reminiscencias. Pero son graduales.. 


Me recuerda a Blas esta canción.
https://open.spotify.com/track/74JQ7vagNSwsDU2aUNIlZr


Dejo mi vida en estos diarios. Se hará cargo a quien le llegue el tiempo.


I'm enlightened while I behave. While I work through life. As I am. In the middle of all of this distractions. Because I choose to be as random and eclectic as my distractions.


I'm faster than my directions. Shorter sentences. Not smarter. Sincere is the simplest.


I wouldn't look like that because I overcome it.


He is the best version of myself. He is he and he. 


He he he. Me, him, Him.


He wouldn't have said it otherwise. He couldn't. It is always a he if he is a he. Symbolism comes from a duplicate of the self. Women duolicate women men duplicate men. Parent and children. Family. 


Nuestro padre el árbol.


I'm ecclectix so I have an advantage. 


I write while I have fun and listen to music, stoned and a bit drunk. What a blast. One of my greatest lines and I'm barely making and effort. I'm so enjoying the self right now.


Enjoy the self.


You can believe you are somewhere else. The world surrounding you is just gravity that changes its density. 


I'm not making so many mistakes now when I write with this keyboard. 


The ears distract my eyes.


He forgave so he knew love. He just sometimes forget.


As the father, so the child.


Love is the answer.


You didn't teach me. I learned from you. There's great power. 


My hand look unreal. 


Wasted and alone I'm inspired. 


This is the hunger in your heart.


The hunger in your haunt.


No sé molesten analizando lo que el escritor no dijo que si lo hubiera querido significar lo hubiera dicho. Hay mucho siempre para leer entre líneas.


I can write or see Facebook. I don't need more time than two seconds every amount of time.


The vela y una luz azul. Este es el ritual. Hierba y fernet. 


El fernet tiene propiedades espirituales.


Que importa si lo que digo es verdad o no. Quien se va a hacer cargo.


El presente te hace olvidar de como te sentías. 


El análisis para de lo que las cosas nos hacen sentir 


Todo párrafo puede dividirse en oraciones sueltas.


Vos no tenes un padre, tenés una madre.


La madre siempre va a resultar un misterio. 


Eso es lo único que puedo decir de ella.


La verdad se encuentra en todos los tiempos entonces nada más verdadero que el misterio.


Para todos el mismo. Desde siempre ahí. Misterio.


Tenemos en común todo lo que no sabemos. 


Prediquen lo que no saben. 


Ese olor. A noche. Sucio. 


Tengo las dos partes. Soy alguien que piensa mucho las cosas. Un filósofo, según el doctor Craig.


"Yo soy" es el nombre de Dios.


Cómo nadie se dio cuenta. De lo mas simple. Entre toda la maraña.


Voces de monstruos en la música. 


Maybe I won't accomplish anything. But I know how it would be in my own mind.


I have to contemplate all possibilities.


Hoy decido no escuchar más que a mi cuerpo y mí voluntad.


La religión se trata de tratar de ver de afuera para adentro. Ver qué son todos uno y uno todos.


Veo a Jesús hecho cruz y el mundo, mezclándose. Cómo agua y aceite. No sé exactamente dónde empieza uno y dónde termina el otro.


Either fuck em or become em. Knowledge. 


Pop culture quotes to tell represent truths. 


I choose who represents me. 


Lawyers are not physical entities. 


Me di cuenta en el despacho de aquel señor lo despacio que escibia y como se dedicaba a eso. A tipear, la mayor parte del dia. Con esa lentitud. Y todavia no avanzaba. 


To know is a union, a communion. It’s sex. It’s becoming. It is folding in half. It is water and oil. We do not share how dense we are. 


Density is all we have. 


You need faith to believe every word. 


Dios es verbo. 


Profetas hay muchos. 


Agarramela con la mano. 


It all depends on what drives you. 


Mirate de afuera para adentro y te entenderas. 


Es el camino del entendimiento. 


“I said hey. Maybe I can change. Maybe there’s a way”. K. Flay. 


My name isn’t Fredreick. My name isn’t question. My name is not god in a bathrom. My name is a hope when I’m not so sure. My name is not. Because I am is the name of god. 


Embrace my name like bitches their bitchness. 


Pardon my french. 


Writers there have been plenty. 


The world of writers is super reach. 


I love writing and I love sharing this passion with so many people I admire and respect. 


I wish I could admire the people I love. 


It is not that I don’t admire. It is what I’m not seeing. Admiration. My virtues. Many from them. Belong to the shadow. Not yet discovered. Shine light on them. Learn. Know. Communate. 


Communication is communion of verbs. It belongs to this other layer of reality that is the matrix. Where the verb and communication exists. 


Many writers don't realise the importance of their writings. I’m at least playing pretend that I am the greates writer in the world. 


Angry kings those who couldn’t see God. 


I know what they mean know about seeing by faith. 


You don’t see god. You see the idea of him. As you do with every other word. Why would it be any different. 


God is and it in the language because it refers to itself. 


Sometimes god is a she. Sometimes god is a he. Sometimes god is an it. Sometimes is a they


God is hard to be innocent when the world keeps showing you its dick. 


I have reasons to feel sad. Every time. I just won’t accept surrendering to it. I won’t do it. 


The reasons to sadness. 


Now you don’t see the world. The world sees you. 


Baja todo a las leye fisicas naturales. Pero no descartes todo como supersticion. Te falta imaginacion si no podes bajarlo a tierra. Ninguna culpa tiene el escrito. 


El verbo es la bajada a tierra de la divinidad. El movimiento en algo que se nos presenta siempre estatico. O al menos asi siempre lo recordamos. 


Quisiera una novia que flashee la misma. 


Distintas densidades. Todos las tenemos. 


La luz tiene densidad? Puede demostrase matematicamente?


I can’t deny otherrs because I wouldn’t exist if it wasn’t because of others. 


Las palabras significan exactamente lo que significan. 


By faith alone you believe that a monster won’t jump from under your bed.


Science can’t predict what things can happen. 


I will never know the illnesses of my body. 


Brotherhood. 
Sisterhood. 
There are such things. 


Todas las vida son diferentes. 


Escribir es algo que se puede hacer en cualquier momento y con cualquier carga de energia. 


Estoy que me duermo, al toque estoy escribiendo una linea. Ademas de adictivo, es bueno. 


Every night, just light a fucking candle. 




Everyone finding out they are gods is the next revolution. 


Un ratito cada cosa. 


The God king. The God emperor.


His expression of humanity and the deity win him was so magnanimous.
https://youtu.be/nITOgbv2tQE


Jesus sleeps through the storm.
Evola walks around a city that's being bombarded.


He made a prince feel powerless and a prostitute feel like a princess.


That was a sturdy man. 


Jesus as the ultimate image.


You have to figure out how old things work.


El diablo también cita al credo para sacar provecho.


Construimos orden desde el caos.


La orden templaria ordena.


Si todo está permitido nadie está a salvo.


Join or die. A serpent cut in pieces.


Didn't Jesus say "oh god, why did you abandon me?".


I was in love with Brendan Frasers in the mummy. My model of masculinity. At least one of them. 


I turned to the things that resonated most with me at the time.


No sé pueden chequear los hechos que ignoras porque no se puede probar un negativo. El -1 es todo lo que ignoras. 


De la realidad somos ignorantes. Meros intérpretes.


What are the principalities of a constant. Of a man a boy. Of a boy a baby.


Active principle and passive principle are required in every communion.


The beginning of the universe was a communion.


Everything you have done in a dream is possible in the astral.


Everything that has happened to you, you can again make it happen.


Todos los que son de izquierda fueron siempre de izquierda. Muchos de los que son de derecha fueron alguna vez de izquierda. Muchos endurecieron sus convicciones con testarudez y otros se tragaron su orgullo y aceptaron la verdad.


Nada es verdad, todo está permitido. Es caos. O es meramente espiritual. 


Lo templario es político.


Con la guitarra eléctrica puedo tocar despacito.


Hoy me traigo la guitarra y el ampli. Voy a grabar el disco acá adentro. Empezando por alguno que ya tenga terminada la letra.


Love is a canibal.


There's a crisis when we don't see the dual nature and another when we don't see the unity of that duality.


Buscaba la causa que me hiciera querer morir por ella. Estaba difícil de encontrar. Que mejor que morir por la misma razón que he nacido. Para vivir, experimentar y aprender.


We keep evolving and go to the next level.


Before, being together was more important because your couldn't stand against the unknown on your own. Now we are all, friends and allies, at a same distance.


The father reveals himself to you gradually.


God is all that is not you but still is.


Todo en su medida y armoniosamente.
A este adversario lo despide un amigo.
Al enemigo ni justicia.
Alpargatas sí, libros no.


Warpeo solo las notas que son importantes. Las del medio pueden correrse. No todo tiene que ser perfecto.


Cultural conditioning can be transcended.


Computation is state change.


The reality of the world and the reality of God.


God is a mirror of you. Since the name of the God is "I am".


Observations. That's the specific thing that I write.


God is super everything.


God is not a creation within creation but creator.


True in every level of reality is fractally true.


Fractals are patterns that repeat themselves.


Your mind presents arguments.


The unity of something transcends its multiplicities.


Apalancamiento político.


Leverage. Eso hacen. Con los nuevos movimientos que surgen naturalmente. Se apropian.


If I move really slow I won't know that I'm moving.


Playful teasing.


I overcame it. I transcended my self.


Hay evolución e involución.


Why would someone choose to be like this? In order to choose, your first need to know that you can. Many are prisoners of their own minds.


There are limiting beliefs about God. 


You can’t build on everything. 


I’ve transcended suffering. 


Pain is physical. Suffering is spiritual. 


There’s wisdom in words. So there’s wisdom in you and your use of them. 


You create language as you learn it. 


Bend your mind, you can’t break it. 


Estrella, sol.
Sol, fragmento despedido.
Fragmento del sol, Tierra.
Tierra, vapor.
Vapor, lluvia. 
Lluvia, oceanos.
Oceanos, plantas.
Plantas, gelatinas.
Gelatinas, insectos.
Insectos, peces. 
Peces, sapos.
Sapos, reptiles. 
Reptiles, aves. 
Aves, mamiferos.
Mamiferos, monos.
Monos, gente. 


Necessity is the mother of invention. Did it keep him from dying?  


Lo importante es arrancar. Como sigue se ve sobre la marcha. 


Para estudiar la historia se hace un corte. 


Solid, liquid, gas and plasma.


All the great individuals I won't ever met.


Orgánico, ontológico y lógico. En ese orden.


What is true in a sense is just true.


A calcified brain is the philosopher's stone.


You can learn to create perpetual energy for yourself, no need to feed from others.


Giant space worm. Wormwood.


If it's out of your hands it deserves freedom from your mind as well.


Nietzsche became Nietzsche one line at a time.


What you fight is what you won't see.


Is Jesus Satan? Prince of this world.


Science wants you ignorant since will only move within measurable certainties.


"Me metí en un viaje de ego".


Amar a Dios sobre todas las cosas y a tu prójimo como a tí mismo. 


Ser, hacer y tener.


No es más rico el que más tiene sino el que menos necesita.


En los héroes de tu infancia estaban tus virtudes.


Surrender to painful memories.


Si Dios está contigo, quién contra tí.


No tomo apuntes de lo que leo si no de lo que observo, y con esto digo también, lo que comprendo. 


Si estoy atento, comprendo todas las cosas que observo.


Masterful thinking is knowing that you can think whatever you want whenever you want.


Observations do not need to be correct.


Superiores a las fuerzas humanas. Preternaturales.


Molesta que se crea absuelto de la condición humana.


Do not debunk superstition. Try to believe them.


El yo is the everchanging personality.


Every time you say "me" you're referring to someone else.


I have a weird relationship with my own name.


Embrace your name. What is your name.


My name and the name of God are the same: I am.


Federico Friedrich.


Frederick is a masculine given name meaning "peaceful ruler". It is the English form of the German name Friedrich. Its meaning is derived from the Germanic word elements frid, or peace, and ric, meaning "ruler" or "power".[1]


A man of extraordinary culture, energy, and ability – called by a contemporary chronicler stupor mundi (the wonder of the world), by Nietzsche the first European, and by many historians the first modern ruler – Frederick established in Sicily and southern Italy something very much like a modern, centrally governed kingdom with an efficient bureaucracy.[7]


Frederick's birth was also associated with a prophecy of Merlin.


The word Sibyl comes (via Latin) from the ancient Greek word sibylla, meaning prophetess. Sibyls would give answers whose value depended upon good questions — unlike prophets, who typically answered with responses indirectly related to questions asked.


 Stupor mundi.


I'll let the world define what my name is.


Preambulus Antichristi.


For his supposed "Epicureanism" (paganism), Frederick II is listed as a representative member of the sixth region of Dante's Inferno, that of the heretics, who are burned in tombs.


Peaceful ruler.


Un día a la semana lo dedico al trabajo.


A folder transcends and unifies its particularities.


A writer only talks about himself.


Writing you realise you only talk alone.


A writer tells things to himself.


Mahmud Usmon Putin was in Tanzania in the 70s fighting along with and training African guerilla fighters. Putin has always been a strong man, people like him, Che Guevara and Castro are heroes in Africa.


You train first, continue later.


Internet es para abrir los mercados.


Anything is controversial when everyone is so vainilla.


Ego makes you trip.


Turn everything into gold.


I write word by word the things I do not want to forget.


There is law in nature.


There's no place like earth.


Natural theology.


Augustine and Aquinas..


The explanatory mechanisms may vary.


Soñé con Jacqui. Estaba acostada en el piso. Yo con ella, arrodillado y abrazándola. Muy contento de verla y sin poder creerlo. Era una visión. Lo considere pero no me importaba. Porque estaba ahí. Fuera real o no. Y la abracé. Y apoye mi mente en ella. Mientras mí viejo usaba el baño. 
Una silla para todos los que hacen arte.
Un montón de fotos de perros sacadas por alguien de Gualeguay. Enmarcadas. Ahí estaba ella y muchos otros. Fue lindo volver a verla.
Tadeo pidiendo marihuana para grabar el disco. Cómo colaboración.


Se trata de cuánto amor tenés para dar.


Jaqueline.


Me gustaba Jackie Chan cuando era chiquito. Sus virtudes. Héroe de la infancia. No recuerdo por qué películas. 


Recordá las virtudes de los héroes de tu infancia.


Power was that of Manson. 
Fearless was that of Jackie Chan.


The halo is a representation of the divine Logos of Christ.


Christ's dual nature as both divine and human.


She changed the entire dynamic.


Hizo de la debilidad su identidad.


The Christ could have only come from the antichrist.


Siempre eligiendo al más débil para que lo representara.


Siempre recuerdo la elección de los muñecos. Cómo elegí el más feo por sobre el otro.


Asume que es.


El conocimiento es lo único por lo que vale la pena morir.


A mí perra en sueños la tocaba y sentía su piel y el calor. 


Lucid dreaming is not unreal.


Nothing more dangerous than an uninspired man.


If it's not sacred, quit playing.


I teach myself stuff.


Nothing is wrong interpretation. Interpretation can never be wrong unless its misinterpreted. But words mean on their own, even if the way of seeing them can change and still be correct.


If it's true in one sense, then it's true. We come from God.


In a room full of philosophers you will never get an answer but will know the problem.


Philosophers are problem knowers. 


You can know it all only by its negatives. The possibility of the thing being the way it is instead of being in any way different.


"That's not the case because…" instead there are properties that prove you wrong.


Arguments. The world of arguments is before filled with pre assumptions.


Passion means suffering.


Intertwining minds together.


The unnamed.


El innombrado. Primero Agustín, después Federico, después Chucho. 


Me decían muchos nombres y de ahí la crisis existencial.


Te nombran mil veces entonces no sos ninguno de tus nombres.


Me bautizo.


"Si querés llorar llorá". Así me decían.


I had a crush on tomb raider.


I give you gold, you turn into coal.


My first sin.


What is, is not what it's not. 


I don't do anything but fight.


What's not, also is.


What's not also is. The shadow.


C Jung the one that found all the right words. I'm following his tradition as well as many others.


You desecrate yourself to find yourself.


Mammals dream about the world before death.


We are in a dream. Magical idealism.


What's not sexual is platonic. Knowledge.


Sex and killing are unions. Cannibalism of souls.


Serpent head of a lion.


We are fractal.


Christ consciousness.


Fasting to overcome the will of the flesh.


Fasting will get the opposite of grounding.


Jesus is saying "anyone can say what I'm saying". I don't know how many haven't yet acknowledge that. Jesus, half man, half God.


What's material is split in half.


Introvert leaders. The are such things.


Yo hablo de lo que veo no de lo que escucho. 


Modern Wars
— And when you die, and die you shall, your transition shall be to the sound of... 
(CLAPPING)
— Gladiators, I salute you!


Temas de educación y valentía ciudadana.


"Nuestro señor Jesucristo" le decía Julio a Martina.


Sueño despierto con sonido a voluntad.


Has imaginado alguna vez una conversación con otra persona? 


Soñé que con Cande nos adelantábamos para hablar.


Hago música a voluntad.


Soy Dios por mi creación, no por lo que digo o hago.


Si escucho música a voluntad solo puedo suponer que le estoy creando. Veo que mucha gente tiene está voz interior y creen que que es algo que solamente aparece. Que a Mozart le llegó la sinfonía completa y no que el la creo con los capacidad que tiene de crear sinfonías en su mente. Cualquiera puede hacerlo. Otro tema es llevarlo de la mente a este plano.


Me preguntaste si soñaba con sonido.


Bajo la base de que yo creo y distorsiono, creo que nunca nadie más que yo ha estado en mi cabeza conmigo, a pesar de lo que pueda haber creído.


Modesty on dress.


Nazarite.
"Nazarita" viene de la palabra hebrea nazir que significa "consagrado" o "separado".


Nazareno el anointed one. Earth can't touch him. Surrounded as if it was oil in water.


Everything is intertwined.


If you get the extremes you get a better understanding of what wisdom is.


Akum. Worshippers of stars and Zodiac.


El nazireato o nazareato, es en la Biblia una forma de consagración de una mujer o un hombre hebreo a Yahveh, mediante un voto de cumplir una serie de preceptos de vida. Al consagrado por medio de este voto se le llamaba nazireo o nazareo. 


The full term for human being in Hebrew is בֶּן אָדָם (ben ah-DAHM) – literally, son of Adam.


Adam is man in Hebrew.


A.K.U.M.


Random people saying random things.


If you find out you made a mistake you have to tell them.


Me, of all people


Behemoth is "beast" in Hebrew.


Hebrew for religion, Arab for mysticism, Greek for philosophy. Latin.


Athena and Aphrodite:


Both the Greek goddess of wisdom and goddess of beauty are believed to have been redheads.


People hate uniqueness. They want to be equals. As anyone else. We are only equals in our uniqueness. 
1 does not equal 1.


We are all 1, collectively and separately.


Flatten the sharp edges.


I have not yet met the person that will help me with my writings. Or I do I just haven't realised.


Certain amount of prejudice is the most resentment you should have.


A worshiper of stars and planets.


There's potential and there's actualisation of potential.


The sages were warning us.


At the time the standard non jew was a pagan.


Hyperbolic language.


Maimonides.


It is not okay to deceive even the akum.


He's not light spirited. You can tell because he suffers.


Las cosas sobre las que leo pelan distintas capas de la realidad.


Lo político es inferior a lo metafísico no por preferencia si no por orden.


Hay un orden bueno y uno malo así como hay un caos malo y uno bueno.


"Lo personal es político" lema de la izquierda. No podría estar más en desacuerdo.


Es importante saber de dónde vienen las cosas.


Estigmatizan y patologizan las disidencias.


You need to find that sweet spot.


Between extremes lies wisdom.


One is not supposed to deny its own existence.


Thoughts are composed of dreams.


Not only a third eye but a third ear.


God is beyond but also equal.


Psychedelic eye.


Te muestra lo que querés ver porque sos vos creando.


I need to try mushrooms.


Shrooms when in need of deep understanding and transformation.


God is not to be imposed.


God is not an imposer. 


When the student is ready, the matter appears.


You are not supposed to stop learning.


The external is also me.


Separation is an illusion.


I have been to the garden and I go there as I be speak.


God is dual since is beyond and with.


I am. And but I'm alive.


God is not a name. God is what it contains.
Yahweh.


The great descent into that dark cave.


Every time there's a sexual union between heaven and earth, there's knowledge.


Hice fuerzas para moverme.
Estaba en un astral.
Salí de la casa y la Vicho me disparó desde el techo. Pase el alambrado del parque y cuerpo a tierra buscaba esconderme detrás de la eco blanca. Mientras me acercaba al nuevo escondite muy despacio, venía CJ caminando ya a pocos metros. Y yo mientras pendiente de que no me vieran. Más atrás la vi sammartino me buscaba y la eco ya no estaba. "Me vió, no?" Le pregunté y le sonreí mientras venía.
Cuando llegó hasta mí le tendí la mano, y agarrándola se sentó en el pasto conmigo. De repente ya no me importaba el juego.
"Devuelvo esto (una llave) porque en el laburo me matan", me dijo y me dejó una llave plateada. La vicho me vió a lo lejos con Cami, y decidió no dispararme.
Con su mano entre la mía, tomaba sus dedos uno por uno y apretaba suave la falange medial. Y ahora recuerdo lo que era sentir amor por ella como antes lo hacía.


Es el precio que pagó por no ser honesto.


La responsabilidad es una carga.


La honestidad se busca, se decide. Nadie lo es naturalmente.


I have to be ready, then things will happen.


People paying you to speak your mind.


There are multiple big bangs going on. That's how there are multiple universes. They'd all respond to the same laws, I'd think.


Llego con Fermín a la casa. Entramos por el portón. Adentro me doy cuenta que tanto la puerta de entrada como le galería estan abiertas. Mientras yo cierro le digo que tenga cuidado. Mientras me dirijo a chequear mí habitación, el entra y va al lado de la cocina. Un silencio. Una oscuridad. Me preguntó por mis viejos. De repente, un llanto suena. Me recuerda al left 4 dead.


Magia es la fuerza transformativa.


Si mi música es transformativa no veo razón para no llamarle mágica.


Free education is just a tool for the state. Education is already free. You just need intuition, curiosity and sources of information. Books, or the internet.


Re focus your attention in yourself. Breathe. Find the center in your body and from there go within.


Hacerte el pelotudo no va a salvar a nadie.


La magia serían fuerzas externas que operan sobre fueras internas.


Entre lo interno y lo externo hay fuerzas paralelas.


Todo es interno sobre todas las cosas.


I did all kinds of mental gymnastics to make myself fit into the categories I both hated and loved. Defects and virtues.


There are no defects and virtues besides the things you hate and love about yourself.


There is no way of telling the difference between what is real and what you believe to be true.


Cuando querés pero no podés evitar pensar en algo, se convierte en lo que más pensás.


Meando y con miedo.


Crear. Pero crear que. Un cierto orden. Cuál es el mejor. Tenés que decidir. 


Si te oprimen te hacen chiquitito.


Nos hacen ver lo malo de todas las generaciones pasadas. La izquierda. Contribuyen con el equilibrio. 


Blue widow.


Estar cómodo en la incomodidad.


Lo hizo para que nosotros no tengamos que hacerlo.


Encontrar oro en una mina de carbón. De eso se trata.


Cada vez que explico algo tengo que partir de un punto.


They traumatize the body where it hurts the most.


Soy muy observador.


Yo a la batalla la puedo dar desde cualquier parte del mundo. Lo que no puedo salvar allá es a mí familia. Yéndome la abandono.


No es que haya que ver las cosas de una forma determinada. 


Que sea el más pacífico de todos.


Todos los iluminados terminan abandonando a su familia. Porque no pueden con ella.


You have my heartfelt respect.


You lose mind-body association with age.


La izquierda destruye pero no construye nada.


Hay orden en la libertad.


Feeling better is just about an instant.


Meditate on humiliation.


I once met a female soldier. She was acting for a project because she felt no shame. She told me that being constantly insulted made her go past that.


No sabía lo que era decidir. Me dejaba llevar. Así había escuchado que era la mejor forma de vivir. 


Fear is not the only way to wake up.


Al estado lo que le falta es corazón.


In a place where everyone knows you you fill judged because you are judged.


Puedo transcribir desde cualquier parte en cualquier lado.


I will always have to carry my burdens.


Every fucking thing is true for the mind. And every structure exists inside the mind.


There are 11 dimensions in our brain and we see it because of language and mathematics.


There's nothing you can't hold in.


El estado no siempre es el problema. El problema es siempre la educación pero el estado nunca es la solución.


God is something you discover. The space that makes it all make sense.


Transcribe all day every day.


Build fan base so they can block you out from every platform without it determining a great change.


Art as participation.


It is better to be completely wrong than half right.


The world lays itself out.


Moses came down with horns.


Space for the strange.


Diaphragm, the homeland.


Science is nested in religion.


Push feelings into the body and see what happens.


Do not extend so much. Change your approach. You're changing no one's beliefs.


That which is only in my mind, still exists.


They don't talk about belief but point of view. We are not just observers. Beliefs are all we have. Without them there would be no structures within us.


There's no religion higher than truth.