Discipline
Time for mind: studying. Youtube. Reading. Movies.
Time for body: exercise. Yoga. Calisthenics. Shower. Shave. Brush Teeth.


Refusal to learn drives you insane. 


Peso muerto.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y1Feac6SHPI
Cada cuanto? 


Drink a glass of water.
Stretch your body.
Soak up the sun.
Write a short note in your journal.
Eat something.
Spend 10 minutes relaxing or meditating.
Read.
Write down your tasks for the day.
Keep your conversations positive.
Bonus: Look your best.


Transcribo como si fuera un trabajo. Me fuerzo a aprender a programar porque es lo que quiero. No es programar lo que me interesa, es lo que me dejaría hacer saber programar. No es el dinero lo que me interesa, es lo que podría hacer con él. 


Tengo que obligarme a aprender ciertas cosas. 


Cuando no sé que hacer, hago lo que tengo que hacer. Que TENGO que hacer?
Entrenar
Hacer deporte
Transcribir
Estudiar lo que me aburre pero se que quiero. 
Leer lo interminado.
Organizarme.
Limpiar y ordenar.
Son deberes porque cuando los pospongo me siento en falta. 


Si estoy cansado, un descanso. Después, a seguir. 


Smoking is fear in future health. 


Fomento lo que de verdad quiero materializar. 


Los breaks no deben darse en la misma posición, en la misma pantalla, en otra pestaña. Debe estirarse el cuerpo, respirar, pararse y caminar. 


Be mindful of the rabbit hole. 
Be aware of the rabbit hole. The rabbit hole has to start somewhere. 


I gain nothing but lost anger, anxiety, despair and depression. 


Hay cosas que no podés posponer. Ordenar el cuarto. 


Si como lo suficiente no tienen por qué faltarme energías para entrenar. 


Defy body to learn biomechanics. 


Learn the biomechanics of your body. 


I train my body as first and last resort. 


You can't outtrain a bad diet.


Get the nutrition right.


Sacrifice is a bad man's redemption.


Diet make or break workouts.


Food and nutrition manual.


Coaching systems.


Hold your first copy of your first book.


No foods are off limits.


Nutrition.
Cardio training.
Weight training.
Mental training.


Use the bodybuilder's secrets.


With the right coach, you can bypass years of training.
Learn from bodybuilders. They know the science of body transformation.


Strength.
Health.
Energy.
Confidence.
Self discipline.


A body sculpture. A yogi. A Shaman. Shamanic training.


Make training a part of your lifestyle.


Burn the fat with training, feed the muscle with nutrition.


Daeta is a way of life. Lifestyle.


Develop new habits and maintain them for life.


28 days. 


Prove all things.


Calorie deficit to lose weight. 


Hard work to accomplish great things.
Hard work is the price we must all pay for success.


One size fits all will always fail.


Customise your program to what mother nature gave you.


Nutritional enlightenment.


Only knowledge applied is power.


Calorie intake.


Body can't tell the difference between fake, true famine.


Calorie shortage: increased hunger.


Progress slows over time.


Low calories no good workout. No energy. Results compromised.


Diets decrease testosterone. Approaching castration levels.


A new good habit can replace a bad old one.


Build up momentum.


Never lose money. Warren buffet secret to earning money.


Limited amount of muscle fibres.


More fibers more muscle.


Muscle fibers types. Endurance (slow switch) and explosive (fast switch).


Have your mini goals written down and divide your main goal into mini ones to do a step by step approach. 


Set goals to stay on task.
Set smaller goals to keep them manageable.
Discipline yourself to keep moving forward and don’t procrastinate. (Need some motivation?
Reward yourself for your achievements.


Todos los días, particionar el tiempo. Usar un timer para los recreos obligatorios después de 25 minutos haciendo algo que implica esfuerzo de concentración. 
10 minutos de cigarro es un tercio de cigarro. Hago 30/40 minutos de cigarro en 3 o 4 sentadas. Entreno la disciplina sosteniendo la revelación. Entreno la autodisciplina sosteniendo la revelación. La revelación no es necesaria en el ejercicio físico, no es necesaria en los momentos de pausa. La mente funciona cuando digo y deja de funcionar cuando yo quiero. Tengo que conocer mi naturaleza para tener maniobrabilidad sobre ella. 


*No voy a parar de hacer las cosas que tengo que hacer* (cosas en las que podría avanzar).


No podes ser eficiente sin una agenda. 


Dividir por tipo de archivo y no por fecha de creación o por orden de aparición. 


Ordeno mis pensamientos. Step by step, que es lo que tengo que hacer. Que torpe aprendizaje. El tiempo es relativo. 


I create the tasks that I have. 


Inicio dopamine detox. Evito comer hasta las cuatro o cinco de la tarde que son las horas menos productivas. Como, entreno, me ducho, y estoy en casa, relajado. Es tiempo de ver una peli o leer un libro antes de acostarse. Al otro día, arranco cada vez más temprano. Hoy arranque a las 5 de la mañana.


Llegó la hora de ordenar. De a poco pero constante. Habitación, escritorio, favoritos, playlists, almacenamiento. 


Entreno hasta el agotamiento, todas las veces.


El orden se halla en lo más específico. Debería ordenar de a poquito, como disipando la niebla. 


Be creative with your morning yoga.


Puedo entrenar cuantas veces quiera. Si total hago todo parado. Uso la computadora, toco la guitarra. 


Polisacáridos. 


Cada capítulo tiene sus subcapítulos o capítulos que se desprenden del primero o se agrupan con él. La disciplina y la dieta van por el mismo lugar. 


No me pinta ser ordenado pero cuando me pinta puedo serlo. 


About training and discipline. Fighters talking, what else.
 
My body should be sore everyday. 


Avoid giving yourself short term rewards.


Siempre hay tiempo para ordenar porque es entre medio de todo lo demás.


Tengo que dedicar el tiempo a revisar mis archivos y mis backups y donde guardo todo. A partir de ahora tengo un perfil. 


Desarrollo un sistema. 


A la noche cocino arroz. Sal en el agua. Blanco. A la mañana, las sobras, las hago en leche con avena, dulce de leche y canela. Puedo agregar chocolate y batido proteico. A las 10, 11 de la mañana, arranco el mate. Prendo el fuego a eso de la una de la tarde. Almuerzo a las cuatro de la tarde. Ceno entre las nueve y media y las once. Me acuesto cuando esté cansado. Me levanto seis y media de la mañana del otro día. Cerca de las ocho si es invierno. Aunque ahí quizás pinte el mate después de comer. Hay que tener más calorías durante el invierno. Avena, almuerzo, mate, sopa. Puedo concentrar mis nutrientes por un almuerzo. 


Discipline.
Lifelong personal improvement. 


Actomorph.
Endo/mesomorph.
Ecto/mesomorph.
Body types. 


Plan cheatmeals. 
Carbs.
 
Cardio intensity. 


Increase training frequency. 


RPM higher. 


Weight training. 


Resistance training. 
Squats, dead lifts.


Active lifestyle.


Oversleeping. 


Fuck TV - replace. 


Look for motivation. 


Keep momentum. 


Lifelong commitment to excercise. 




Ecto-morph.
Lose fat easily. 
Hard gainer. 
Fast metabolism.
High energy level. 
Hard to gain (maintain) weight. 


Weight train can build physique. 


Less cardio/eat more. 


Reduce stress, slow down. 


Conserving energy. 


Weigh heavy training. Do not overtrain. 


Overtraining is not a problem for me if I don’t train. 


Cardio 20/30 minutes everyday (conditioning).


High calorie/surplus. 


Do not ship meals. 


Carb tolerance (high).


Don’t coast on your genetics.


Actualize your full potential. 


Nutrition is about health. 


Do not compromise your health.. 


Body type and metabolic type. 


Blood sugar processing and carb tolerance. 


Our bodies do transform. 


Lean, muscular mesomorph (goal).


The harder I work, the better my genetics appear. 


Customise your plan to your body type. 


Flexible program picks. 


Accepting responsibility. 


Attitude, behaviour and lifestyle. 


Control the factors you control. 


Olympian genetics. 


SElf satisfaction for best effort with what you are capable of: success. 


Muscle looks better than fat. 
Muscle represents: strength, health, metabolism. 


“Do not speak bad of yourself. For the warrior within hears your words and is lessened by them”. Japanese Samurai proverb. 


7 habits of highly effective people. 


Body fat.
(17% average men).
(25% average women). 


Healthy and happy with how you look. That’s what discipline is for. 


Weekly, personal testing. 


Repeated measurements. 


Learning curve for testing. 


Accumeasure. Hipbone. 


Consistency is better than accuracy. 


Fat flows, muscle sink.


Excercise science. 


Somatotypes.
Ectomorph.
Mesomorph.
Endomorph.
Ecto-mesomorph
Meso-endomorph
Endo-ectomorph


The best diet for an ectomorph is one that is higher in carbohydrates and calories. Approximately 50 to 60 percent of calories should come from carbs, 25 percent from protein and 25 percent from fat.


Recommended Food Intake For Ectomorphs:
Eat every two to four hours.
Add at least 500 calories in order to gain weight or muscle.
Choose warm foods over cold foods as they are better for digestion.
Best starchy carbohydrates include oats, brown rice, quinoa, sweet potatoes and potatoes.
Best fruit choices include bananas, mangoes, pineapple, papaya, avocado and peaches.
Best vegetable choices include broccoli, cauliflower, Brussel sprouts, beets and carrots, especially cooked in coconut oil or ghee.
Nutrient-dense snacks include nuts and seeds, as well as nut butters.
The key is to still eat a healthy, balanced diet rich in nutrients. Just because you have an ectomorph body type, doesn't mean you should use that as an excuse to eat everything, including junk food.


Cardio
Ectomorphs tend to excel in endurance-type activities, and many of them prefer cardio training to weightlifting. The key to stimulate muscle growth is to do a minimal amount of cardio required for general health. Three times a week for 30 minutes is recommended.


Weight Training
To build muscle mass, increase strength and sculpt the body, a simple weight-training routine using heavy weights is critical for the ectomorph. The focus should be on using heavier weights and completing three to five sets of approximately eight to 12 reps for each muscle group.


Perfect Workout Routine For Ectomorphs:
Most of the training should revolve around the big basic moves: squats, bench press, shoulder press, deadlift, chin-ups. Cut the basic isolation exercises involving only one muscle or region in the body, as they do not provide enough stimulus for muscle growth.


Compound exercises using several muscle groups simultaneously in the body, performed with moderate to heavy weights and repetitions in the range of 5-8, will activate multiple joints and the larger muscle groups, which causes the body to produce testosterone and other anabolic hormones, important for gaining quality muscle. 


Keep in mind to perform short but intense training up to three times a week with a focus on the basic cardio and aerobic exercises.


Bicep Curls
Bicep curls are one of the best workouts to attain strong, slim and toned upper arm muscles and are an ideal training activity for the ectomorph body type.


Stand straight, keeping the feet placed hip-width apart. Hold two 5-pound dumbbells in each hand and remain steady. Then, exhale completely and bend both arms at the elbow, bringing the hands close to the chest. Slowly lower the weights while inhaling deeply and come back to the initial pose. Repeat this routine 10 times, on alternate days, beginning with small weights and progressing on to heavier dumbbells.


Standing Calf Raises
Calf muscles in the lower legs are key for performing many basic activities such as walking, jogging, running and jumping. Standing calf raises are an easy low-impact exercise for the ectomorph body type that fortify the calf muscles and improve strength and flexibility of the legs.


Stand straight, keeping the back erect and shoulders and spine aligned. Make sure the feet are spread shoulder-width apart and the toes are pointing forward. Raise both heels gradually off the floor and hold them in an elevated position for 1 – 2 seconds. Then slowly bring them back to the ground, coming back to the starting pose. Perform this routine 15 – 20 times daily.


Conclusion:
The ectomorph body type is indeed a blessing as they can consume a diet rich in carbs when compared to endomorphs and mesomorphs, who tend to gain weight more easily and also process sugars slowly. However, it is important to also balance the diet with ample proteins, healthy fats, vitamins and minerals, to ensure sturdy bones and powerful muscles as they age.


Regular exercise following the right kind of workouts ensures optimal body fat distribution and gain in muscle mass. It is always advised to consult with a doctor, nutritionist and fitness trainer, to gain more insight into the exact body type and the ideal diet and exercise tips to maintain overall wellbeing.


as a skinny person, you just don’t have the same recovery system that the average person does. Remember, muscle is built when you are resting. In the gym, you are actually breaking your muscle tissue down.


So the more time you spend in the gym and the less time you spend resting, the less time you are giving yourself to build that muscle mass.


An ectomorph should limit his gym sessions to 3-4 per week, staying in the gym for 45 minutes or so per session. That’s all that’s needed to see optimal results


As you plan these sessions, be sure to focus more on compound movements and exercise, and less on the isolation work that you might be doing right now. You will get more of a hormonal response from the larger compound moves like squats, deadlifts, shoulder press, bench press and rows, which will in turn help you build muscle faster.


Most naturally thin people tend to overestimate the number of calories they’re consuming, meaning they’re not eating nearly as much as they think they are.


In order to see results, an ectomorph needs learn how to increase their calorie intake. If they aren’t seeing results, it usually comes down to one simple reason: they aren’t eating more calories than they are using.


Prioritise sleep. 8/9hs at a time.


world of food science and discover how nutrition works from the inside out. 
Learn nutrition.


avoid foods with a low calorie density.


great example of food with a high calorie density is cooked oatmeal. A small serving will give you a big boost of energy and keep you feeling fuller for longer. A quarter cup of oatmeal will contain approximately 80 calories. Since your stomach can only hold so much food, so you will want to focus on getting the best ‘bang for your buck’, so to speak.


Great calorie-dense foods include:
Nuts and nut butter
Whey protein powder
Bagels
Dried fruit
Avocados
Salmon
Grass-fed beef


you have to eat 4000+ calories per day (which is not uncommon for most ectomorphs), it’s far easier to get these calories in by dividing them up into 6-8 meals over the course of the day compared to 3 large, 1000+ calorie meals.
400-500 calories per meal.


Each meal you eat should contain a good level of lean protein, complex carbohydrates and healthy fats to make it as balanced as possible.


A great way to get calorie intake up is to make good use of shakes. 


Add in calorie dense items into a ‘weight gain’ shake: nut butter, coconut oil, flaxseeds, avocado, cottage cheese, Greek yogurt, or ground up oatmeal.


Leave yourself instructions for the future.