Escrito experimento 9


We can detect fakeness. Fakeness and fakeness only. But fakeness means that something else must be true.


There's still plenty of space for magic without the superstition.


Leave nature alone.


Abstenerse de hacer juicio de valor te lleva a encontrar la verdad. La mentira está Al en la falta de valor.


Debería subir los capítulos con los títulos.


Venderle el alma al diablo pero a buen precio.


Artistas debe haber varios que hayan vendido su alma al diablo. Y que lo ocultan porque se lo creen. Un fantasma tiene que asustar. Para eso está.


This is one long book that just became it's journey looking for the truth.


Thoughts don't have words. We put thoughts into words. That's why it gets messy.


Thoughts are not the problem. Narration is the problem. 


Quizás deba poner cada verso separado nomás.


La mentira de los gurús del pensamiento viene por querer que vivas escuchando solo las cosas bonitas. Y si no lo hacemos es porque también queremos lo malo. Quizás no porque lo disfrutemos, sino que lo creemos necesario para encontrar la verdad. La verdad nos importa mucho más de lo que creemos. Nos importa en cada libro de misterio y en cada película. Difícil no creer que ya estamos todos con el cerebro lavado, si creemos que la verdad ya no es una cuestión importante pero la buscamos en todas partes menos en la realidad.


No te das cuenta de la dimensión de las cosas cuando no tienen significado para vos. No podes pensarlas. No podes acceder a ellas. No era solo tristeza, era todo, culpa, odio, resentimiento, frustración, asco, nostalgia, melancolía, miedo.


En vez de


Tengo miedo de decir algo que no quiero decir, como si no tuviera la vida para corregirlo. Lo importante no es lo que escribo sino lo que digo. Pero en ambas podría corregir después de hilar más fino.


Fire it's always born in the middle.


Capitalism just shows you the meaninglessness of life. 
https://youtu.be/z9W0GQvONKc


Capitalism puts every possibility at hand. You can even buy organs online. Those possibilities scare us. Capitalism makes us pursue meaningless dreams and collapse in front of meaningless fears. 


Whenever you think you don't want it to happen to you.


Capitalism fought every social norm. It's time to get rebuilt.


Capitalism replaced spiritualism with consumism.
Marxism replaced spiritualism with identity.


Truth's journey is longer. You can get from a to z through logos or through cheating.


The devil is in the details, it's said. Truth is also found in the details.


You don't have to think. You choose to.


In capitalism some kids remain kids because they make money that way.


Logic is not in discussion only, it's in every sentence.


I want to see what happens to a piece of information when it's picked up and spread by word.


Names are self explanatory. Names that are known are self explanatory.


Magic comes after thought.


El consumismo te define entre lo que te gusta y lo que no te gusta. La verdad te define siempre igual por más que te guste o no te guste el objeto en cuestión.


Everything that exists that you don't like, you're horrified that it's real.


You tighten meaning with every logical reason you find. Truth gets smaller and smaller with each new finding.


It all sounds so obvious when you find the truth.


They never were because I never believed they were until someone told me so.
Then I cried. Then I grief. 


Escritos como escohotado. Escribo como él, según imagino. 


The more complex the truth the heavier the truths.


Weight of now a dimension of truth. Why have we forgotten truth?


Tired of thinking things that weren't believed.
Same as tired of thinking things that cannot be.


Thoughts are light water, you stop breathing going to get it. Or maybe it's just the joints.
#Ohmen


La gente no sabe el potencial que tenemos.


La falla en la Matrix como esta representación sin sentido asociada al miedo


Entre sueño y humos escribo.


Forgetting never takes time. It only takes process. It's just that process takes time. But it's not time what's necessary.


Destinado a escribir por el resto de mi existencia?


Ser especial es ser igual de especial que todos los demás. Igual de común. Igual de meaningless.


Un orgullo formar parte de aquellos que admiro.


Nos creemos que somos en la dimensión de nuestros problemas.


La verdad es individualista.
#ifonly


One 4 All


One 4 all is truth and logos.


Explicaciones sin brillantina.


You won't find anything you weren't looking for already.


Trato la lengua con el respeto que se merece.


The more you know language the less you feel overwhelmed.


You can't enjoy what you don't understand. Understanding it's accessing what's believed true in certain narrations.


Cada narración nueva es una técnica nueva.


Multiple aspects of the truth can be talked about. 


You say what it is and others will pick it up.


Every word occupies a specific but flexible place in meaning.


Every phrase that I write doesn't need any other context.


Teach your kids to be good and they'll torture themselves with all that is wrong.


Trying to think about things in order people's terms is the hard thing. Even more it's hard to explain it.


"Whateva! I do what I want"


Things don't change over time. Only our perceptions change. People's interpretation.


Discuss with what it's said. What they said if the closer you'll get from what they were thinking when they say it.


Specialization it's not how it flows naturally. Another product of industrialization.


I know I changed my perception when something now seems obvious but in reality it took plenty of thought. You think that when you learn, people learn with you. But every one knows something, that everyone else doesn't. 


How much you lost expresses in lack of laughter. Sincere laughter expressed a direct act of spirit. Sincere cry expressed a direct act of spirit.


No-one will find the beings and the gods like others do in dreams. No-one that's not looking for them inside. You have to seek them to see them manifest.


The greatest achievement of capitalism is individualism. 


You don't go to church to have a sense of community. Sense of community is a sense. You talk to your parents or friends.
Church is only for the Divine. Encountering the being.


We haven't stopped to realise that maybe hopelessness it's just about how we forgot the spirit. Something that we have been denying it exists for the last hundreds of years.


Describe the source and then start writing chapters differently in every different tabs of the website.


Enlightened people try and communicate the joy of being enlightened but fail in communicate how they do it. They follow doctrines or schools that's nothing have to do do with how you know you are enlightened.


Aspects enclose meaning, they don't have it. Il legame. Attached by legame.


This will be known in history as the era of absurdity.


We focus on the ultimate mysteries of death and God instead of focusing on the ones of nature and spirit, that we can know. God is beyond comprehension. God has all meaning. God is the unknown, that's why we fear and we love it. The unexplored, the unreachable.


Polytheist religions are healthy because every deity needs to be understood separately and they were all archetypes. Aspects of ourselves.
Diana goddess of nature, the moon, and the hunt.


How do I narrate a flow of ideas makes all the difference.


Everything that's before language I can narrate. Meaning, ideas, aspects, thoughts, speech.
Everything that's beyond language I can narrate. Reality, nature, processes. We are a processing machine.


I'm learning how to behave when my perception changes so quickly. It got debited quickly too, so I don't see why it couldn't be.


Nunca creí que la filosofía me fuera a salvar la vida.


Cada vez que te encuentras tus miedos lloras porque lo que temes es a tu destino.


We went nuts because we pursued ultimate truth, what can't be reached. Logically Irrational.


What's Irrational it's also logical.


I wondered why people did things that seemed so irrational. And it was because irrational it's still logical.


Genius is unlocked


El agua de lluvia makes you sad. Ritualise water. Sad and mad. Despair. The rituals of death. The irrational.


The body manifests what's logical for you.


Die for this. Accept death. 
#allinchrist


What's not wanted to be done shouldn't take a second. The body doesn't tell you what to do.


Body functions respond to meaning sent through brain impulses, enclosed logically.


Your own body doesn't tell you what to do or not do.


We can think things we don't mean. We can say things we don't mean. We can do things we don't mean. That's were madness lies. We can believe thoughts, even more we can believe what we say, and even more believe what we do when we don't mean it. 


That's the horrifying part. You know you have done things you thought about before. That's how you have been acting so far. So you also know you have said things after thinking. And you've done things after thinking.


We tend to believe that thought is to found the kindest way of doing something, instead of the honest way. Honesty is always appreciated. You don't have to say every thing you think is true, but you should say every true thing, worth telling, that you can think of.


Thought is, to (with the purpose) of finding a logical narrative that'll make you not see things the way you see them anymore. Change your perception. And for your perception not to fall down every now and then, needs to be consistent and accumulative. Only knowledge is consistent and accumulative. Pursuit of truth as you axis. Logos is the way of perceiving truthfully. Logos is Percival. Percival pierces the veil. 


It doesn't need to be true for you to believe.
Let yourself belief the god parts too. Believe in ghosts and god. They are there to help you understand your spirit.


You don't need questions or think about thinking things. That's how your entangle yourself. You need to just think. You'll do that once you let yourself be again. Then you'll start looking for meaning and you'll find it everywhere. Thoughts are carried by every thing that is. Thoughts carry an aspect of nature.


Enlightenment if just living an instant before what you thought it was time but in reality was just you experience. You thought time was synchronized with thought. But there's a lot more before.


It's always about someone perceiving things.


Hitler was the last guy in line. Shocking. He was, only because of what he wrote about. If you want to make changes or push back whatever it is that's pushing forward, write your ideas down and spread them like covid-19. Truth prevails so good look pushing back truths. Lies die young. Short legged.


English has a much broader audience and Spaniols could manage translating. Truth will be told.


Foot loose and freefall.


I was scared of losing my old beliefs. But I didn't believe in them anymore. Happened with God too.


Raised religious to remember loss of spirit.


Don't defend ideas you don't believe in. We do that a lot.


You have it. You lose it. You recover it.


When do you reach satisfaction in temporary things? Even the things you hated the most are missed at your house sometimes. And the ex girlfriends. We're funny like this.


For you to hate you have to love and feel betrayed. Parents that are supposed to teach you how to live, lie. Teachers that are supposed to teach you how to learn, lie. 
You hated living and you hated lying. Instead of understanding the world, you moved away from it. You live and love your own deceivers and go to learn from your deceivers.
I was in love with TV when I was a kid. I know I believed everything I watched. But when it stopped, I knew it wasn't real. Yet I saw my parents watching the news. Letting the "facts" of the world corrupt the home. Distorted realities and perceptions teaching the newer generations. Let's remember what abuse is. We're manipulated right in our faces, because otherwise it wouldn't be manipulation.


Childrens don't lie because they believe in what they say.


El papá de mi profesora de inglés me dio un alfajor.


Don't let people convince you of anything. Let it trigger your own version of it. You don't have to remember what he said but what you understood. 


Remember what is said, and you'll forget. Remember what is understood and you'll know.


Evola, escohotado, neither wanted to talk about themselves.


This book is narrated like Scotland is narrated. No differentiation between what's real, what's language, what's thought, what's intention and the way they are narrated. Part myth, part, legend, part history, part tale, part science, part belief. Always true words.
The search many times it's also narrated, other times, not so much.


The only moral compass comes from how much you know it's real.


Sometimes the logos of the meaning is implied in the question and it answer is already irrational. This happens when you take things out of context, you remove them from their logos. The idea of God does not always make the same sense.


You're grown to act. Learning makes you grow


Half truths are when two logos conflict.


We are wired but in a complexity impossible to understand. Were entangled but not as much as you'd believe.


I don't have to do anything behind doing that other thing.


Specialization is our greatest scene. Choose exploring, not projecting. We're not machines and we don't have a purpose. Believe it as if you know it. Because we cannot possibly know. We can't meet God's creator. Get over it.


Literally, metaphorically, it doesn't matter. Truth points to different dimensions, but they are all true.


I used to communicate with exaggeration because I need little about how to communicate truthfully.


Madness it's a language trick. If biological, it would be dysfunction, not madness.


I wanted the enlightenment without having to be a lettuce like Eckhart Tolle or a mystic nuts. I wanted to make some sense out of it.  


Only remember aspects of your own truths.


You'll realise you do funny things with your body when you're in your head. Coldness becomes fear. Warmth becomes joy.
 
I should be anonymous to show not self centered interest. Voluntary support. Pin down next ideas publicly so they can be made. I'd be an artist looking for a mecenas. 
Movies made, films made. Gifting to everyone free source material. Can they trace payment?


Collectively we know everything that has meaning to us, all but reality. We can't know what reality is. We can't tell what it's not. And it is not, everything else that exists.


If you truly believe you know nothing you're as miserable as you can get. Sense of belief and sense of truth can only be differentiated with logic. 


Left wing believe people make up their own ideas.
Right wing believe there are concrete ideas, axis of action.


Values as axis of action.


Philosopher in creation. 


Values are, to movement. Movement is what's traced with structure. Values are for what's being begun, stationed, conflicted, developed, undeveloped, restored, ending. 
Values are inherent to the structure of movements.


We believe we were born in the best generation yet, but this is the worst and gets worse by the minute.


We all have reasons to believe something. Let's hear them out. Let's the best reasons prevail and abandon the worst. All by personal, individual decision.


There's already no free speech. They are eating meaning with all the media. Humanity is at crisis because we don't know the North. 


We believe we are two poles, right and wrong, but we are truth and lie. Belief. That's all that there is. Nature is not wrong. Nature is. Nature is not good. It's real.


Believe everything you say because it's the only thing you can know. You can't know what you don't believe. 


How people act says more about their beliefs than what they say. You never know someone else's reasons. But you know what they are scared of. Because whenever they are scared, there's restraint. 


Aggression comes after restraint as conflict triggers contraction and development of opposite force. Why fight it, we lose it. Know how to fight for your spirit.


An aspect of the mind it's never in itself an aspect of its manifestation. 


This is not to be studied, this is for truth to be found. Narrations could change, evolve, condense, or every other possibility.


What's infinite is the narration. Let's talk about the same thing, let's see how many of us use the same structure to say certain things. Style is polished. Styles are found. Styles aren't learnt. 


Belief and knowledge feel found, not learnt. If you don't aim high, you won't get high. If you don't aim high, you could go deep into the downward spiral.


Style is what comes after knowing yourself and the exact way you want to communicate it. Everything else is Duchamp.


"English is just splendid, isn't it?" 


In the sources I'll quote every thing that made me one with truth. Conspiracy theories, controversial characters, pop references, every random video that I remember. 


Water carries. Water comes from outer space.


How things should be thought. This is the only thing you do need to learn so you don't lose yourself.


Your parents didn't know any better. If they would have known, they would have avoided you the trouble. Abortion or protection at all costs. We see a dark world coming, both abortion and pro life.


Perversion is biological. Bowden.


Perón. Cómo hablaban en esa época. 


Raised by father's that couldn't cry and mother's that couldn't laugh. Footloose and freefall. Know better.


Ranting, what I used to love the most. They made me forget where the joy of ranting came from. I'm starting to be fond of it again.


You don't think with words.


Everything I don't think it's an opinion, but knowledge. That's belief. Every thing I think it's just an opinion, it's superstition


Butterfly effect.


Todos nos beneficiaríamos  de ser menos inocentes.


These writings only make sense because they were written like this. Paragraph. Space. Next. Montage is second stage.


Things in your mind. You hold them and see a few aspects of it. You can hold it forever, fixation, or you can pass to the next thing.


Things are for outer and for inner.


Cada estructura de pensamiento está inmersa en un logos que la contiene. La totalidad de esa estructura.


No sabía lo sediento que estaba de escuchar la verdad hasta que descubrí a JBP. 


Make some sense of the whole narrative.


La informática es la forma de hacer más efectivo el lenguaje. Hay mucho de abstracto.


Specialization is enemy of the spirit.
The spirit is everything but specifics.


With less meanings time goes by slowly until it freezes. You suppress meaning you suppress language, you suppress language you suppress narration of thought,


I prove myself that I'm brave as I once believed I was. Immortal as I once believed I was. Fearless as I once believed I was.


Why should you think that the past was always wrong?


We don't know the past. We know the images.


The mistery is always meaning. The satisfaction comes from finding meaning.


There's a God and God is meaning. What's behind them we don't know. God can be met only through Logos. Worship Logos and not God, for it's the only way of knowing all of what God means. God means (gives meaning to) all. 


They must have taken it from the Bible. The magic parts.


Politicians fear political activists, not militants. They buy militants. They convince militants.


You always think what you could do. And you could do everything you think about. It doesn't mean you want to or that you have to. It means you could. Possibility is not the same as uncertainty. Though we perceive it that way.


Se va a caer.


It's easier to relate with people when you just tell the truth. Because it's very much known but very little talked about.


Segundo renacimiento.


Politicians hate hope when it comes from someone that's not from their political party.


Estamos con los pies en el barro ya hace rato.


Aprendí a torcer la verdad cuando me creí responsable de cuidar a alguien.


The echo chamber of results. Google.


I've thought about having diseases that I believed, problems that I believed, every crisis.


Because you can't believe and know the same thing at the same time, if you have enough reasons to believe it then you know it, you don't believe in it.
When there's no reason behind belief, you don't know it. That's an irrational belief. There's a meaningless representation, an absurd.
Your thoughts point at the logical and the absurd. Your dreams aren't premonitions, if you don't believe they are. Because what reasons do you have to believe that's the case? 


You don't need to be attractive as a first step. You need to want to attract. Years I avoided real interaction with people. Friends for rope.


What's left of humanity with no meaning. 


I'm sure most lost souls don't make much sense. What would their writing look like?


Truth breaks you to show you who you are.


Is it really hate speech when it goes against all of us? Isn't it just true? 


"Dive in and find your truth"


I know which words are mine when I believe in them. 


Quiero abrazar a Logos fuerte.


This is a religion. This is a book, that's being written and tightening by the minute. These are some of the topics. 


It's not easy to come up with new stuff if you try to force it. The source is the source.


Las cosas no tienen porqué gustarte o no gustarte. Los autores no se citan por gusto sino por lo que comunican. El autor soy yo en las partes que creo que son verdad. En la verdad nos encontramos.


Tengo que hacerlo porque igual me voy a morir.


You can't find reasons not to do your will, because you know you could do your will.
You can't find reasons to do as you will, because you know you could as well do something else. 
You can't find reasons to do what scares you, because it's not your will.
You can't find reasons not to do what scares you, because you're still going to die.
Trying to find the meaning behind meaning it's when it's too much. If you're miserable, you're not thinking too little, you're thinking poorly.
#optimisticmonday


Decision is not about reason. But best decisions are made when the best reasons are taken into account.


Reasoning is finding reasons to believe certain things.


Philosophers are the ones influencing behind the scenes.


Certain things you have to have in mind to communicate correctly.


Everyone repeating only two sides of the same thing like it's normal is already brainwashed.


In a discussion I like to find something true, not to let out every thing I think I know.


Sex is the first think that is meaningless for us, since we don't know what it is or what the purpose of it is. We avoid meaninglessness when we're surrounded by meaning. And sex is the story we can't figure out. La historia de la cigüeña. Where do we come from? Sex only has meaning in the logos of the narrative where the interaction around the act takes place. 


By itself, it's only reproductive. It's sex's right to be reproductive, let's say. It's its property.


We fall in love with language and later we are horrified by it.


People act as they are when they're not scared. 


I am enough bad read to realise that enlightenment it's reached. It's a technique and so it needs to be learnt.


En vez de seguir la nueva quiero quedarme en la vieja. En vez de fluir con el aula.


When we dream there are no images.


Monsters (can) try to get in when they are outside and try to get out when they are inside.


La vocecita narra casi susurrando. Soy yo, aunque a veces no me reconozca. No hay nadie más conmigo. 


Spirits come in and out. People with different personalities just have different spirits.


The right era to shine.


Decided the best parts of the Bible to be public. 


Tenemos la habilidad de montar como películas las representaciones de experiencias.


This is the right thing. Needs to be done the right way.


A las voces meaningless puedes ponerle una narración.


Que te dicen las voces?


No me preguntó qué significa la representación. La significo.


Los pensamientos son el sentido de los impulsos.


Not wanting to do it and thinking that you have to.


We're moving away from meaning. 


The burden is not past but your consciousnesses.


Doing the sake of it.


You pursue what is meaningless one string at a time.


El salto de Kierkegaard del miedo a la vida.


El brain freeze se nota porque no podrías estar girando sobre el mismo problema. Cuando el enojo es el eje. No es el eje, es el inicio y el final. Hay un mood en el que se imprimen las representaciones.
#what


Es una rueda con el diablo pegado a la rueda.


El miedo a la libertad es una superstición. No hay razones para creer en las reglas. 


Percival is just seeing through the bullshit. Not so charming, not so tough, not so honest, not so likeable, not so perfect, not so good. 


La era donde a la gente se le resetea el cerebro por tanta información innecesaria.
#compotaconcrema


The way to pierce the veil is through Logos.


Espacializar el sonido en tu percepción.


Percepción función de la mente.


It's never easy to tell the truth.


Cut the loop. It goes on cycles. 


Presionar nuestros pensamientos contra nuestras creencias para saber a dónde está el límite de lo que te podes llegar a creer sin razón y lo que no. Atrás de eso está la verdad.


Pensamiento detecta creencia y la resuelve. Algo hace ruido, no? Pues ahí es entonces dónde hay que encontrar razones o entender que no tiene sentido.


Too much protection. We're not thought a philosophy of life. 


TV finds your worst nightmares, and makes them happen. It finds your best wishes, and makes them happen. It gets you fixated with extreme horror and extreme happiness instead of going moderately peaceful.


Why no one talks about this? Makes me wonder how serious this really is.


And they are little secrets at plain sight. Most of our mysteries.


Confused people remain revolving around the power struggle. The lower cast. There can't be power that big that's not solid as a corrupt institution. 
Power with no institution is just dynamics of aptitude. The strongest idea wins. The ones that want the throne are the inepts. We can all be kings in spirit. No one can be real at the throne. 


As real as we can get is acting consciously, meaningfully.


Nos sorprendemos jugando con nuestras mentes de grandes. Cuando nos viene un pensamiento curioso o algo. Y me resulta tan simpático. Es que eso debe hacerse de niño. 


The devil is ruling. The deceiver.


Absurdismo.


Buddhism rejects control. And so should you. They say, and they are right, that you need to work on that resistance. Buddhism embraces suffering because there's nothing you could do. So should you embrace every piece of it? Boredom, nihilism, consumerism, systematic education, empty rituals, empty institutions. They are the biggest part of our suffering. You can not be a part of them.


Whenever you're in your head, you postpone things to do or to think about. You can't do all at once.


What is, then it is. Just don't believe in what's made over language and not nature.


No nos gusta aprender ni nos gusta pensar. Bajo qué intervención? Si sin nuestros derechos.


Bueno y malo. Correcto e incorrecto.


Un cañazo en más manos para refrescarte la memoria. O te arrodilla en maíz.


Todo lo que escucho es algo que podría estar existiendo. No sabemos por qué, en vez, no lo hace. Lo absurdo de nuestra existencia es lo que nos lleva a pensar que todo lo que creemos está sucediendo ahora. Solo porque podría ser real. Solo porque podría existir. Pero las probabilidades de que ocurra son casi nulas. Esta es nuestra perdición, y la fuente de todos los males, pero también es nuestra bendición. 


The only thing you need to do is teach your younglings to write what they think they know, they'll get some of the things right.


La mente brillante descubrió que era absurdo y el de Wimbledon dejó de tener efecto.


The only things worth discovering are things about perception, experience and processing. We can't confirm anything else.


The monster kicks the hardest, the closer you are to the truth.


Las afirmaciones solo sirven si las crees. No me quiero creer cualquier cosa. No todos los días van a ser el mejor día de tu vida.


Do whatever, but if you believe this, you don't believe that.


The world wasn't like this. There once was magic in the world. 


En la discusiones nadie te cree cuando les decís que no te interesa.


Freefall and footloose.


Que lectura haces hoy de eso?


We control intention. 


The one only think you have it's belief.


Find change in prayers.


You only have belief.


Nuestra condena y nuestra salvación es el absurdo.


No mental operations can be than with belief.


Know yourself and find God.


Somos guiado por el absurdo de querés encontrar a Dios afuera, sin encontrarnos a nosotros primero.


Beyond what I believe there's me, for be there's nothing.


Las cosas que más nos avergüenzan no conocen razones.


Why do things you don't believe in.


No words, or at least your own, to know yourself.


The code is what you crack


Things don't get simpler. Thoughts get rather 
specific.
Belief holds Itself. There's nothing beyond.v there's only truth or absurd. But we can't always know if.


Thoughts are roaming when you don't control them.


You're broken with the use of words. You'll have to listen and listen again and again the same absurdities until you repeat something without realising or you shut up when because you think you know the truth but it wasn't worth the effort.


Why do we think the brain is rigid like that. If we know we can create meaningfully, remember and forget.


The specifics are so obvious that they're hard to see. You don't need to get broader. Be specific.


Ya hay un nombre para eso en algún lado. Todo lo que pienso ya existe en el lenguajes y puedo traducirlo. Lo que pienso, es todo pensamiento existente. Debo encontrar la narración. 


Brain thinks it's over. Brain thinks it's enough to know, like it couldn't be deceived again. Consciousness is an everflowing phenomenon, and it's the only thing that remains constant. But the axis wich consciousness revolves around, determined the flow. If it's being, then it's constant and always, if not the same, logical. If the axis is the problem, your logos well revolve around the problem.
Every problem has an axis where it's linguistic logic holds its truth.


Words are meant by themselves when the logos is consistent. 
Authors always should know what they mean first, even if they were it down awfully, can't find the right words or make a mistake. The logos are through that. Inconsistencies are inconsistencies on the logos.


I choose to change behaviour instead of changing myself, to keep myself from losing everything I was. 


There's an hypothetical reality for every logos. Things are true inside their own logos. The tried logos is the one closest to the truth (reality correspondence).


Knowing what you want is not more than knowing what the thing you think you want, is. Knowing is not the same as reading about it.


First you awaken curiosity. Trigger and start searching. Ideas come on their own. Ideas are always a conclusion of interest. A conclusion that needs checking.


You don't need to be Sade to be free. You also don't need to lock yourself up to not be bad. Free your spirit and you'll be whole. Now you can decide on your own as long as you're not physically restrained. Do what's good, forget about correct. Protect what means. Live with the absurd.


When you anticipate, you're not thinking, you're freezing. Know the nature of your thoughts and you know what they really are. They are not real. They are not time, they are not space. Most time they don't happen and if they do, they don't do it like you imagined. We can control our imagination with thought's guidance. But the first frame is expressing involuntarily. The one you believe, let's say. They are all equally absurd in that sense. They are nothing more than substances. You can assign time to the imagínated and call it memory. Time and space are abilities of your mind. You can bend them. Turn things around. Live the mind game of life. know the right mindset for each moment, that changes in/with rhythm.


Knowledge is the ring. Makes you self centered, ugly and aged unnoticed.


Virtue does not come from knowledge only. It's mostly consciousness. Why would you choose what's best for both? What's best it's never what avoid conflicts. What's better is that teaches alternatives to other people. Shows good heartened peasants. Doing the good just because. The only things that are worth doing. The ones you just do. The ones for the sake of it. Immense joy being from being alive at that moment. We've all felt it. The bliss.


I don't know what senility is..


Need a reminder that thought is broader than what you remember? Go back reading philosophy.


Consciousness of dimension is key in decision.




Cap de hoy. Know thyself.


We kill ourselves. Now that we know it, let's not ignore it. Fear guides you to acting in the only place you see light. Light gets narrower. Could be turn on. You'll become the ghost that haunts you every minute.


Forget the properties of the things to write. Lights could get still. Could be odorant. Could be shy, could be white.


Every little thing you can think about exists. Stop ignoring it.


The educational system is to tell you you're mistaken. It doesn't matter what else they add to that. If one thing you'll learn, is that you're wrong.


Nietzsche no es que no tenía estructuras. Le dio sentido a todas. 


Los prodigios no se gastaron en explicarle al resto de los mortales lo pocos especiales que son en realidad.
Pero para que algo pueda aprenderse tiene que tener sentido. Y nos enseñan el sentido. Cuánto de lo que decís te crees? Decime cuántas veces nombraste a Dios refiriéndote al Dios cristiano aún sin creer en el. Es parte de como pensamos.


¿Cuánto de lo que decís crees? Menos de lo que pensas. Y por otro lado. ¿Cuánto de lo que te aterra crees? Más de lo que pensas. Entonces ¿Cuánto es real? No sé sabe. La percepción es engañosa. Podes razonar. Eso sabes también. El significado se razona. Y lo que aterra es siempre un absurdo, sin importar lo que creas.


El absurdo como consecuencia lógica pero imposible.


You shouldn't be scared of things that aren't around you. Media is just making you think things you have no reason to care about. They tell you humanity is a problem and you should go save it. You just believe it. You want to go out, save the world. But you get heartbroken. The world is too big . You don't save the world by fighting and dividing groups and families.
The world is divided already. And it was fear. More ropes hanging by the minute. This is what they think individualism is. Pushing someone way too fast to do something they don't want too. 
Individualism is quite the opposite. You are you no matter what. All themselves no matter what.
They all are, after all. They cannot change who they are.


You charge batteries remembering who you could be. You of course believe that. You know you could be anything. If it's you is not a real reason. It's an absurd.


Being it's an absurd. 
Your being is not part of the equation. Your being is not part of anything else. Your being is the source of everything else.


Contarse descubrimientos brinda ánimo. Las mejor forma de aprender.


People have already talked about everything you believe in. You know what you believe in. You just don't remember.


In matters of spirit, Campbell knows it all.


You could make sense of your head or just let it be. Meditating, expect some turbulence. But enjoy the ride, for nothing perceived seems so real. 
Meditative experiences are the direct experience. Whatever is perceived by your senses, it's external and you can experience perception. In spirit, perception is no more. You'll experience being. There's no more time or space. You have found yourself. Now you just are. You don't know where, what, when, how or why. But you know you can't go any further. You've reached bottom. You've contacted the center. The being. The axis. The North and the truth. You then know you are. You've found Logos, God's image.
Know God, and you'll know what religion is about. You'll know why you want it to guide you.


There's just something off about conferences. Something superficial. The depth of the scene defines the game. White lights and plastic chairs are for fan noise irritation and suicidal boredom. 


Believe you're a monster and you'll become one over time. You'll certainly act like one.
Think as God and you'll be complete. God is just every thing that is.


The depth of the scene defines the game.


Find joy somewhere else. That's why art is made. It comes from the joy of being and it has meaning. 
Duchamp, what the fuck are you doing, you fucking idiot. Useful idiot, but no artist.


Creativity comes from a creative state. It's not a trait. We are what we mean, to the world.


We're here because and for what's inevitable. Those are our rights.
We don't have to do anything. We could do whatever. That's how you choose freely. Action is your right. Decision is your right.


Know where the real boundaries are.


¿Cómo sabes que no estás siendo manipulado? Siempre actuamos de la misma manera. Si hay miedo de decir la verdad, es porque primero hay miedo. 


Letra


3Me creí de mas
4No 


3Desistí de más 
4Resistí de más


El estribillo es a lo que te estás resistiendo. El estribillo es la resolución del conflicto. Pero como siempre, nada es para siempre. Donde parece eterno, debería cambiar. Ahí está la estructura de cada canción. La siguiente parte debe ser la parte que te demuestre que estás equivocado. Cuántas canciones he cambiado por no escuchar una parte que no me gusta.


If something's wrong with you, it's not just that one thing. It's everything else that revolves around it, too.


We actively create the reasons why we do things. The reasons are ritual in marriage or funerals. Listen to reason.


Every institution is a ritual. 


Cuando hablo con alguien parece que viéramos distintas cosas, pero lo que es gracioso es que veo el acto, como se contradicen con lo que dicen. Cuánto de lo que decís te crees? No es que hay varios modelos y por eso tenés que


Think about your use of language. That's how you describe your thoughts. Make thoughts work for you, not against you.


If there's a contradiction I'll fix it. Everyone knows what they mean. 
How will you not be conflicted with reality if everything human seems fake. Education, health, peace, institution, rituals, gestures.
We should like living because living is not as bad as we think. People used to live and die old and content. Only bitter men die miserably.


Make a date your flag so that will be a yearly axis of thought. So stupid.


Every thought has an axis and a logos. The one real axis is being. Everything else we don't know. You change the axis because your mind can do that. But you always come back to being to know what's real.


Don't make your axis fixed cause then you'll see through a bottleneck. 


Don't let anticipation of thought be and impediments. Anticipate, possible impossibility. Know the absurd. Proceed. Fear is not an impediment. Proceed as your axis was being.


Everything you read if something's you could do. Everything could be believed in your mind.


If you suffer enough you stop caring, that's both a good thing and a bad thing.


Several books, all come from the source.


Being is not attached to time. It's the only thing. Know thyself.


You need to be a well rounded human being.


Cuando digo "no puedo evitar ese malestar" estoy diciendo "no creo poder evitar ese malestar". Nada tiene que ver una cosa con otra. El malestar se evita cada vez que no está. Bienestar es opuesto a malestar. Bien estar nada tiene que ver con ausencia de dolor físico o de salud, sino con entender que sos finito, que tu cuerpo va a romperse antes o temprano. Bienestar es calma en la tormenta porque es recordar que se es. No matter what.


What's my future? Am I dying the right way?
In order to live the right way, aim to die the right way.


El trauma nunca es la fijación. El trauma siempre es lo que aprendimos a tener miedo. Porque es todo lo que queremos evitar. El trauma no es la madre, la castración o lo que sea. El trauma es la enseñanza. Algo aprendiste en ese momento que no querés aceptar. Que la madre no siempre va a cuidarte. No por ser madre va a quererte. No por ser madre va a nutrirte. Por ser madre también puede aplastarte, quebrarte, asustarte. Jung temía a su madre, solo de noche.


Trauma es lo que evitamos reconocer que existe a pesar de que lo podes imaginar y eso ya es prueba necesaria. Lo que existe existe en el reino del que forma parte. Un pensamiento terrorífico existe en tu cabeza, entonces existe en el reino interior. No quiere decir que sea tuyo, quiere decir que vas a creerte cualquier cosa siempre que uses de norte a tu propia imaginación. Tu imaginación es del reino sustancial. El verdadero reino es al que no accedes de forma directa.
Todos los aspectos de una verdad son verdad para el "por qué", porque lo que motiva a la acción no tiene por qué ser racional, solo lógico.


I know it's philanthropy when the only one that could get hurt in the process, it's myself.
Yourself and others, misanthropy.
Only others, perversion.
Only you, nihilism.


It's hard if you hate yourself.


I know myself better than anyone could.


From nurturer to torturer.


Tests are stupid because you don't believe what you're saying. "You think people are…" HOW THEY FUCK SHOULD I SAY SOMETHING THAT I BELIEVE ABOUT THIS WITHOUT WRITING A FUCKING BOOK.
"Among your group of friends, you are…" I JUST AM, BITCH. LEAVE ME ALONE.
#whatevaidowhatiwant
Being real, it's like they try to make you one thing and one thing only. Your career.


Power is just knowing that you could.
Power applies to what you are capable of doing. Everything that’s possible for physical abilities. When there’s power but not will, you won’t. 
For everything that you’d do if you had the power, there’s will. 


Si lo único que querías que no existiera, existe, se convertiría en lo único que existe.


Mis mayores miedos vienen de la tv. 


In dialogue I never say what I'm thinking exactly. We all do that. If we are not funny, we are not true. People started to try being funny after funny people existed. 


If you think the world is to big and about to crush you, read politics and economics. You'll know what the game is. 


La resistencia cambia de lugar y es espiritual.


You knever know how much you know. You never know how much you don’t know, either. 


Por que no podria escuchar algo conscientemente, a fuerza de propia voluntad? 


Two people cannot contradict one another. 
You can see a white horse and see a black horse. We are just not describing the same things. 


Whenever I worry, nothing flows like it could. 


Describir la representaicon era lo que la hacia dridicula. por eso ufunciono esa vez. 


Calicles y Socrates discuten la justicia. Son los dos perfiles de liberacion. 
Hedonism es la izquierda. 


The monster gets bigger and tries to pull my mask off. 


El bien es una decision consciente. 


Knowing is recolecting what we once knew. 


What human farms do is reduce every dimension. The bigger the farm, the more isolated human. You lose dimension.


Everything that is a campaign is distorting reality. Post truth is about campaigns.


What is bad, is always an absurd. If you knew what good was, why wouldn't you choose to do it?


The free man in chains and the enslaved Queen pointing fingers, sitting at the throne, unchained.


Not always enlightened. Consciousness flows. Sometimes I seem bright and others I'm too still.


El lavaje de cerebro ya ocurrio. 
“Construyen con el lenguaje, el sentido comun”.
“Soy un fervo defensor del lenguaje inclusivo porque no se que”.
“Los medios y la politica son la misma cosa”
“El poder y el saber es la misma cosa”
https://youtu.be/Mt8XeIQq1iU
Como deliera el hijo de puta. Ya saben lo que hacen. Ya estamos re adentro. No me preguntes de que o quien lo causa, pero estamos ya bien adentro. 


Fixation is from absurdity. Mystery and fascination. Meaninglessness.


Circula el lenguaje inclusivo. 
“Si te molesta tanto una palabra, es que hay una tocada de orto terrible”.


Me enoja escucharlo a Dario Szja aajzjafuhrer. 


“Siempre a la hora de interpretar la realidad… bla bla bla” No hay realidad dice el bobo. 


La cantidad de gente que es de izquierdas dice la verdad de la naturaleza del hombre. Que hay mucha mas gente buena en el mundo. Porque todos somos mas buenos con mas, y mas malos con menos. Que no es ni bueno ni malo por naturaleza, que es una falsa dicotomia. Que somos toda la cosa y que mejor lo aprendamos de una vez por todas. 


La gente de izuierda es 


“Pobreza por las realizacion de una persona”
Puras subjetividades Dario. 


La posverdad como una construccion de verdad parcial o fuera de contexto, en dimensiones mucho mas influyentes. 
Posverdad como temas de conversacion que tienen lugar en la mesa 


No dejas de ver el plato en la charla de la mesa. Es el miedo. Comer con angustia. Veo en mi, todo lo malo que me llevo a sacar conclusiones como estas. 


I know I was happier. You don’t need to remind it to me. 


If all the scary memories are the ones you believe the most, use them to believe that you are alive. If you believe they’re real, you are experiencing them. Know that you exist, now, as you do in  the memory.


Memory as representation with sense of past time attached to it.  


De todo lo que no me acuerdo, no puedo saber.
De todo con lo que tengo una fijacion, lo se. Porque por algo tengo la fijacion. Lo absurdo que no te estas revelando. 


To see yourself, show yourself. 


Show yourself to yourself. 


Adjectives don’t qualify people’s differenciation between good and bad because it doesn’t trascend space and time. You are stubborn, yes. But always? Are you always being annoying? Even when you know you are not right? 


Son las discusiones un fenómeno nuevo? 


En esos momentos donde desistimos de la verdad. Ahi es. 


“posverdad como guia de nuestro tiempo ahora que la verdad ha muerto”. Es exactamente lo que yo decia. 


¿Cómo sabes que no existís? Es un absurdo. Existir es una experiencia. Ser se experimenta.


Call it by its name..


You can always choose the right thing to do.


Freno la proyección imaginaria mirando a la pantalla mental con el ojo mental.


He who hates the world is he who hates himself.


¿Quién narra la historia que está siendo contada en este momento?


Para encontrar la verdad de la representación ver algo que general. Que aplique de forma constante a las cosas.


I couldn't measure how mad things were.


We've all experienced everything to some degree.


When a professor starts explaining with what they don't like about an idea, that's not a good professor.


¿Cómo te vas a dar cuenta de que te están manipulando? Sabiendo como eran las cosas antes. No es solo la tecnología. Era la libertad de pensamiento. La gente no se mataba porque encontraba una forma de lidiar con sus fantasmas. Cada vez hemos arrinconado más a la mente, en vez de liberarla con cada generación. La superstición hace ruido porque son lugares "prohibidos".


It's not that you don't have to think about evil. You need to so your children don't have to live afraid. That's the only struggle. Deep fear and curiosity.


People don't seem to remember they understand some things.


Your body responds to you. You make the body believe or disbelieve with meaning. 


It's not that you don't believe everyone knows something you don't. You believe that everything you know, other people already know. When you break into this dimension from outside you realise you know much more that you think. It's just that we equal opinion and truth. Because it's the belief of someone else. So we just discuss in loops. About things that have been discussed a million times. About known things. Or about things that are just a matter of opinion.
It's not normal to know what you know. Anything you know. It's not normal. No one knows it. Teach it. Don't be a militant of an opinion. Those are the thought carriers. Thought should be directed with fear but with will.


The roaming thoughts are the ones you don't need.


Nihilism parts from meaninglessness.


He hecho las cosas de mil maneras diferentes. Siempre los resultados fueron iguales. Algo funcionó hasta que ya no funcionó. Y a buscar lo próximo que funcione. Te das cuenta de que no funciona nada. Porque no se trata de la forma, es lo que la forma contiene. Siempre la forma contiene al espíritu. Liberar el espíritu significa no tener que buscar más que significados. Revisar el lenguaje y la naturaleza. Ver qué te dicen. Conocerte. Contemplarte. Las razones están todas ahí.


You won't be evil if you find enough reasons. Meaning is the answer. Not rules. You're the whole you and even more the parts that you are scared of, or so you think. 


No cuestionamos
Menospreciar a la gente que dice que el pasado fue mejor
El odio al capitalismo
El odio a la religión
El amor por la democracia.


How to write the most powerful sheit in the world. Something that strikes once and for all. All the illusion. I could see the illusion clearly. That's why I didn't like the rules. They want to think about what's wrong with our past so they can still be present and powerful. Today's problems are today's rules. We have the technology to make every idea worth making.


It wasn't the rebel the issue, they used to love them in movies. They were rules all along but they just changed the subject. Movies made are directors' thoughts. Directors thought are mostly beliefs. 


Fake scenarios are to make you realise you can handle them.


El miedo de que te estén buscando para que te maten. Por ahí te entran. La gente se fascina con los noticieros. 


Interchanging terms is deception. Interchanging meaning is correcting or expanding one's knowledge.


Every term means what it means, literally.


What are the capacities of our brain?


Ignoré mucho tiempo las políticas públicas. El barullo. Lo ignoré tanto que después ya no sabía que pensaba. Solo una fuerte irritación cuando alguien decía algo que creía que era mentira.


How are you going to argue god is good if you don't argue god exists, first.


Te enseñan que no vale la pena cambiarle la opinión a alguien más. Mientras te cambian la tuya. Es muy fácil ignorar las influencias de la política.


We are our own characters inside our own movies. You only act aspects of you.


When was the last time you questioned something you really believed was true when you were a kid. 


It was an attempt to wake us up but it doesn't work without the right God.


People haven't changed at all. That's what good about this. We just know ourselves yet.


If she doesn't scare you, you don't like her.


Parents scare you because they care about you.


La mejor manera de hacer algo ya está en la historia.


You can't say everything at the same time.


Me creí que mis ideas eran infantiles. Me creí que el punto era hablar de la problemática y no de la solución. Nací libre y me ganó la superstición. Por qué no creemos en otra cosa? Algo en lo que no tengamos que elegir.


Cuando me dan ganas de mear me estoy riendo. 


There's no such thing as broken, but lost. We are free.


Si todos dicen lo mismo, entonces estate seguro de que así no es. 


Is it an aspect of consumerism that we show one face and bury the other? That you come back from office only to drink yourself to sleep. Watching TV and distracting yourself. You are distracting yourself not from the problems you think you have. But from the ones you're not acknowledging. 


Recordar las palabras olvidadas por el mundo porque ahí hay un montón de significados perdidos.


Only trick is to find out how you'll work as soon as you can. Let this guide you through adolescence.


I was disappointed that the world wasn't as rebellious as I thought It would be. People were violent but for the wrong reasons. People were brave but for the wrong reasons. Imagine a guy being brave to try and talk to the girl he wants to fuck and the violence between both groups of friends. 


Para mi la rebeldía era un acto de sinceridad, no de posición política. Era destapar la olla, no generar ruido en el congreso.


Un país para ellos, un país para nosotros.


Represento la escena de lo que quiero decir.


Del espíritu sabes todo porque funciona como cualquier película te dice que funciona. Se engatusa.


Nada de lo que (se) escriba para otros vale la pena decir.


Cuando se que puede ser leído me da pudor.


Como agregar el "pienso", aunque significa dos cosas, para nosotros es lo mismo.
Las rosas son rojas.
Pienso que las rosas son rojas.
Creo que las rosas son rojas.
Estoy convencido de que las rosas son rojas.


Con decir lo primero, afirmas algo de la realidad. Las cosas obvias se afirman. Si estás confundido lo que se cambia es el razonamiento, no las palabras que se dicen.


"Where do I think someone else is wrong?" Good question for finding contradictory points. The belief that you know better comes first.


Behave as slow as you are. The new rhythm makes us crazy. No one walk too fast. Always about to get assaulted.


Even if you're wrong, you just say it. Prove your points. Show your arguments. You don't have to be right and you listen to reason. 


The line begins to blur.


You can't build arguments based on which show you choose to watch.


The greatest favour you can do to yourself is telling the truth. Because then what's absurd will come obvious, and the real will come obvious.
Speak your head, not what you remember other people said on the news or at dinner. 


If you are actually agreeing with everyone, know that you live in a bubble. Either people are lying to you or you're lying to yourself. Most probably both.
Show me a political party and tell me they are all twins, if you want to push a representative idea. Your thoughts shouldn't be representated by someone else's words. You should believe what you say. That's natural and it's good and knows better.


I had it all figured out from the start.


Your writings shouldn't describe representated  memory. Should describe the fresh one, coming from source. 


Siempre pensar algo en el momento.


En algún momento, las palabras de la otra persona y mi mente de cruzan. Ya se cuál es el punto de mí respuesta. Hay algo de lo que dijiste que me causó una impresión.


Know what's not true and you'll know how trapped you are.


Thoughts go through one cyclic lines.
Decision to through the opposite side. 
Act is the point where they cross.


Prophets are just people telling what's wrong with the world and how they believe it could be saved.


A frame in the movie only repeats itself cyclically. 


Solo vemos una secuencia a la vez y bien podríamos verlas todas si supiéramos cuáles estamos sacando de la galera del recuerdo y cuáles son secuencias frescas y objetivas.


Me sorprende saber que para moral, tenga una mirada más clara que mucha gente. El downward spiral es morality.
The way out is truth.


You know how cycles work, then you know what they're doing to you.


Cycles. Not rhythm. Cycles are everything.


Listen the counter arguments to make an opinion.


Moon cycle, 28 days.
Day and night cycle.


You know you're deceived when you grow up believing the world is true. That words are true. And you got carried by that. Luckily you were right. Words are right and the universe is true.


You're not convinced all the time. Many things you learnt on your own. You know the exact moments. Reason yourselves out of it.


We don't judge growing up, what's good or bad from what's been told to us. We believe it's all true. You can be tricked into things at quite an early age. Remember that.


I reached freedom when I killed God. But then felt lost.


I don't actually have the answers to all the questions. Just trying to think things through.


Se roban las letras que podemos usar. La v resulta que es de las victoria ahora. 


We learn from authority. That's what they are there for. But at certain point you don't need authority. You realise exactly when. 
You remember exactly when you learnt stuff, even if you don't know what you learnt. An aspect of yourself.


Hate is no sense of connection.
Love is a sense of connection.


Reductionary philosophy. You need the knowledge. Not the style of writing. Not the quotes he used. What is true of all of it. It doesn't matter where he wrote the book. What is true?


Brain correlates with our conclusions.


Every argument has an axiom that is just true or false. That's point one.


I drove myself into thinking that I've experienced things others haven't, but then I remember all the times that I've talked about it, and people related every time. And you try and explain why in your case wasn't the same? It is the same. If others relate, you can be sure you're not crazy crazy yet.


When I know you felt trapped in the words of your favourite novels, I say the same. We live those moments when we are there in spirit. 


Logic structured according to your Logos, it's from an axis of knowing. Knowing something is like this, then it can't be the way you say it is.


Cuando me frustro es que no encuentro la verdadera pregunta. La verdadera pregunta es la que solo te deja expuesta la verdad. It's in its logos.


In the old times people from different cultures used to get to the same conclusions. Remember that the internet wasn't there yet. What was in people's minds was their own business. 
We reached the same conclusions through history and time because we are the same thing. 


Thing as every thing that can't be explained if it wasn't for using its own name.


An animal and a man are the same thing. The logos will tell you truths about that.


A woman and a man are the same thing. 
The black and the white are the same thing.
Everything is the same thing. Every time unit is a cycle and every space unit is a thing. 
This unit is multidimensional. It's bigger, it's smaller. It's unit in its own dimension. What you know is what kind of units they are.


Every thing in a cycle it's space over time.
Before a thing and I cycle are we have to think about beginnings. And when you talk about beginnings you talk about movement. Thinking movement is thinking time and about space. 
You know you're being right now because you are questioning it. If you deny you're being, show when exactly you stopped being, and what's happening now. 
Was it you when you were younger? If the answer is yes, you know something remains constant. Find it, find yourself. Lose it, lose yourself. 
#andthatisthat


Teachers could judge your knowledge on how much you write. They don't have to.


Are ideas really that dangerous?


https://youtu.be/qo9Grli-k88
Matt LeBlanc


You don't know what faith is.


El chamán se da cuenta cuando el joven está listo. 


Listening to music and receiving the whole spirit are the same thing. Experiences.
We should know everything we experience.


A algunos les disgusta tanto aprender que no tienen palabras. Esos también son bastante libres. La gente suena tonta por como se expresa o entiende el lenguaje.


Finding God is believing we are divine. You do it finding your being in meditation. Knowing what's before every act. Intention. Knowing you're a part in whatever this is. Knowing God created universe from a question, from an intent that was. "What do I mean?" Then he expressed himself in chaos trying to figure it out but the some mistake. God couldn't know what good is if it wasn't for us. God started by hating us. Rules and killings. Then he started to love is at all costs. Buddha and Christ are the best tools of manipulation there are. Let flow, don't think, act then be ashamed, put the other cheek, look at the flower grow, dark forces feed from your thoughts, hope based on possibility of going to heaven.


Veía Constantine anoche y me gustó mucho la narrativa es ver las cosas como las veíamos hace pocos años.


Lo más difícil es recordar cómo veíamos las cosas en otros tiempos. Nuestros tiempos o tiempos ajenos.


Virtue exists because it's there. I named it and I know that it is.


I do this because I'm bored.


Why do I believe what I'm doing? Why do I believe that I'm bored. Why am I not bored every second?


I don't say I have the truth because I'm seeking it.


I haven't really talked about the world for quite some time.


Chapters will change over time.


Learn how you read things others communicate. Learn why you think about answering some things and not others.


You don't care about yourself enough that's why we keep ruining ourselves. 
We care much more about other people. That's why the last thing you end up hating is them. First you have to hate yourself and then comes everyone else.


Enemies should cause suffering. Not friends.


You don't find yourself on the breaks. It's a large subject.


The true joy of life comes from knowing that you could have, but you don't have to. The joy of life comes from realising that you are truly free of choosing whatever you want to do or not do in life.


You just thought you didn't have enough energy to laugh or think jokes. You just didn't want them to hear you. If you would have, you'd speak louder.


Puede ser. Depende.


Watch the bad and the good in everything and you'll find exactly that. It's a dangerous reference to have. 


The last goes first. Watch always with the right glass. The scene is there for you, pick it up. The cycle and the rhythm.


Rhythm is pattern in time. 
Cycle is same point in space more than once.


Again I forget I need to stop using the phone to cut the cycle.


Rhythm is in cycles.


Language is in cycles?


https://youtu.be/GnIAGsQzEHI
Certainly feels like it. But we do have a saying on what's happening.


Everything that's on your head serves a purpose for today. For here and now.


  



This is true because it helped me.
No use in thinking things through with no consciousness.


Your pairs will deceive you, but it's not that they know better. 


People don't know what you know. Speak clearly. Don't take anything for granted.


I just seem to forget if I'm delusional or I could be right. No in between.


Se olvidaron de los viejos. Teorizaron la especie humana desde lo que veían en los medios. Ellas sabían que todos los padres eran tiranos menos los suyos propios.


Puro postureo. El mundo si tiene sentido, lo que no tiene sentido es la institución.


Obvio que creemos que sin las reglas seríamos un caos.


Think and you'll get to the same conclusions.


You can't move forward if it's always the same two arguments floating around.


El problema nunca es el estado. El problema es siempre la gente.


No es una invitación a la acción. Es un intento por despertar curiosidad. Las únicas lecturas que han valido la pena son las que inspiran.


You know two things for sure even if you don't know how it happened or when. You know:
It wasn't always like this.
Something originated.
This original comes from conflict or resolution. (Conflict as origin of tension. Resolution as origin of peace.)


I need to know what you're thinking, not what you're drumming about on the streets.
One powerful speaker says more.




  

People when speaking the truth.


Consensus is nothing to truth. Like it's nothing to science.


People are hard to communicate with. We confuse morality with habituation.


God as origin. The clock starts to tick.


I meant it right the first time. You don't discover what you mean. Things just are until I have an understanding for things. My understanding for things can change over time.


When you know your self, you know where to build your persona from.


Things could be different.


Understanding only takes an instant. Ñ


Rhythm es moverse en el lugar. Espacio cerrado. Rhythm es la cápsula del tiempo.


Ella deseó que fuera diferente. 


You were already thinking about ghosts when you got scared.


Si se tratara de decirle a la gente cómo debería comportarse, seríamos todos ideales. Afortunadamente no se trata de eso.


La resistencia es a cortar el ritmo. Es lo único que tenés que hacer si tu voluntad es otra. Hay resistencia porque ahí de esconde tu verdadera voluntad. En lo que no tenes excusa para no hacer o dejar de hacer.


When you know you can't be reasoned, you know you're irrational. When you know you are irrational, you can stop being convinced that you're not. You can use irrationality to find unexpected outcomes. It's obvious that I'm not bigger than earth. But what would happen if you were big enough to punch earth and move it from where it is now? They are not clashing now because they repel each other. Could you make two planets crash? 
When you know you are irrational you can imagine. If you think everything is reasonable, you'll find yourself traumatized by the things that don't make any sense to you. 


Thinking outside the box has everything to do with irrationality. Why would you use color properties for sound? Texture? Position? None of that is property of the rational. You can't reason that the colour yellow is the sun, but you know it is it. 


You can't tell why I am not you. What makes us different? Why did you get born from those parents? Why in they city? Why do you exist instead of someone else? You know you take a place.


Somehow one of two options you know, one you believe. You believe both are possible, but why the new one would be better?
If you are immersed in a collective narrative, you'll start meaning your memories based on the logos of the bigger narrative.


Every narrative corresponds itself with a bigger narrative. Logos is the one God because it's the narrative of narratives, launching from the only thing you know it's true: you are. God is. With logos you find it. If you lose yourself you lose good. Logos has now a new set of meanings.


Degenerado ese que pierde su Genesys. Este asunto es con la gente que no se conoce.


Check the old words for they will show how people used to think like. 


You know philosophers are not just guys that sit in their rooms (even do I do) and describe things as poets do. They want to find truth and so they describe what they believe.
Philosophers want enlightenment. Want to find the right alright approach to life. The meaning behind the irrational. Why are things like this, instead of everything but this? Things are. 


Suffering is not. You can stop suffering, knowing it could be like this, but why not any other way? Make the decisions that have to be made.


You don't need to be reasonable when you're alone. You can write whatever you want, try whatever you want, experiment, sing, cook whatever, read whatever, get irrational. Get in touch with the dream's substance. The one that wants to suffer the least, is the self. You can't get away from it. You only can get away from reason in a place where you know you and everyone around you is safe. Where you know that even if it gets really dark, it's not happening in the real world. Now you know the power you have. What mind is capable of doing with fear, is also capable of doing any other way. Spirit is the force, reason is the flow. El cauce del río.
With no reason, you're just force.
You should want to live for no reason.


When you see irrational behaviour you tremble. How wouldn't be that day, when you saw real violence? Because the things you like, you do for no reason. So everything that's unreasonable, I must like? That's you being irrationally reasonable. Then have irrational though, and you'll freak out. And you freak out for things you don't want to do, and for things you don't want happen to you. 


Lo que da placer no es lo prohibido, sino todo lo prohibido daría placer. 


Está claro como el agua. Lo prohibido da placer solo porque en realidad no está prohibido. 


El pensamiento se detiene en el aspecto que conflictúa, pero no es el único que habías pensado ni el único que podrías pensar. Solo el más irracional te choca. 
Buscar en todos tus razonamientos lo que está mal no te hace bueno, te hace malo. Lo que está mal acerca de alguien, de un discurso, de una idea, de un pensamiento. Sos parte de la manipulación. Y no es culpa de nadie. Te dejaste engañar por la mente. Porque sos todo lo que está mal. Sos la prohibición. Hasta Adán y Eva se comieron la manzana porque no eran pelotudos. La historia condena a Eva por convencer a Adán, cuando Adán fue el que dijo que sí y después acusa a Eva por miedo al castigo de Dios. 


Primero aprendí a pensar.
Después aprendí que hay cosas que no debo pensar.
Después aprendí que podía no pensar. Después aprendí que podía pensar bien.


Yo creí que me habían hecho idiota por no saber responderme las preguntas que les hacía a mis papás. 


Don't interrupt yourself too much.


You heard that to be free from evil you have to be Sade. That's not true. Prohibited is nothing; evil is unreasonable. Why would you choose to be evil? Why would you be attached to nothing, for no reason? You know you are irrational but you don't want to believe it.


  

The only pleasure comes for knowing for sure that you can.
The only fear comes for knowing for sure that you can.


https://open.spotify.com/episode/3bw4rbN6hgp80jix4ZsTrV?si=XnVhxgXtQpmv8fRN-ibsyw&utm_source=copy-link
Voices as the muse. "It came to me". My spirit is just me. The whole thing.


Nos achican los ciclos con tabaco y teléfono.


You couldn't find any reason for your son to marry your mother, yet he ended up doing it because of what you did about it. 


Telling what has no reason is always relatable.


I'm exploring ideas. That's what I'm doing. I couldn't find a name for it. Look how brainwashed I am. 


If it's hard to communicate it's because we talk about things that are not real.


The only thing that is wrong is doing the one that is made for no reason. 


Gabriel estaba iluminado pero no sabía distinguir entre el bien y el mal. Solo hablaba de las cosas que le daban medio o placer. Desde los fantasmas y su madre a las plantas y el pintalabios rojo de cualquier chica, de cualquier edad.


Sade enlightened because he embraced evilness.


Jesus enlightened because he wasn't part of evil.


Things are just true or are not. 


Los hombres empezaron a cazar por sus mujeres, no por agresivos y valientes. O un poco de todo.


Religious texts are strictly structured in their logos. Bible parts from Jesus that is


When your worldview is so narrow, everything you hear is confusing. That is you not making sense. It's never the world. You should revisit your beliefs.


Becoming evil is the blue whale game. You think something and you believe it, because thought has never betrayed you before. You think it's a premonition. You resist the impulse (the thought). You do it so it will go away. Nothing happens. You go to the next thing that betrays you, you believe it. 


Becoming the only consistent and meaningful thing that is true, will make you. Good or bad is up to you. Violence is an impulse. Not bad on it's own. 


"I could, but why should I?" It's the only question for life.
"It could, but why should it? It's the only question for truth.


You choose your own hell or heaven, you're just more or less aware of that capability.


I wanted to understand, and the mind showed me, each and every time. Sometimes it took years. Why am I like this should come last, or shouldn't come at all. What things are should come first.


Listen with your eyes. Something that in spirit you can do.


Every verb is a form in mind.


El placer viene de, por ejemplo, tomar la coca en vaso de plástico en vez del pico.
Comer pollo con la mano y pizza con cubiertos. 
El placer es porque sí.


https://youtu.be/AGCmvL0iXc8
Men don't hit their wives for no reason. There's reasoning behind it. It doesn't mean they are right. 


People have all their words wrong.


Somos los patrones que repetimos. 


Asking "Why am I like this" results in saying only that everything is true.
"What are things"  results only in what is true.


You change people's minds just because you can. It's free access and fun challenges. Talk religion and politics while you eat. Make people choke on the chicken with salty comments.


When you think some things are bad, you feel bad just for thinking about them. Talking about them, even more. It's Voldemort. It's the Devil. It's pure superstition and deception.


Scream at me and I'll freeze. It's not allowed. You shouldn't do it. 


Provoke me and I'll wait for the punch. You're not allowed to provoke. How is this happening?
Punch me and I'll wait for the next one. You're not allowed to punch. How is this happening? 
"It's better to give them everything" father says. As Manson, often push other people just to know how far he can go.


I know some things i write make no sense. But I know what I'm doing now. I laughed when I first thought of myself as a prophet going to the kitchen to teach something to my housemates.


If you believe we are not going collectively insane just visit the news about how things were 10 years ago. You feel you are growing, but it's just the world changing. You don't become an adult in the same world you grew out of. 
The one true worldview is the fool's worldview. The first and the last. The three transformations of the spirit. 


All the conclusions you falsely (irrationally but logically) have concluded, are all in your head. You know why you lost faith in humanity and you recovered faith in humanity. To be an altruist first you have to be a misanthrope.


They can't get that they wet themselves because they're scared. We are no different from dogs.


What makes no sense is joy and fear. Do you joy and fear life? Do you understand it?


All that is in language is an experience for the spirit. The experience is for the spirit.


Fear of joy? Are you scared of enjoying what you believe is wrong? You can believe the most ridiculous things are wrong, like sex, drugs, rock and roll; or marriage, families and children. 
Whenever you believe there's prohibition, either you go with it, or you go against it. If everything is prohibited, what would be the last think you do? Even the possibility of killing yourself depends on how wrong suicide is for you. On how scared you are of it.
Estaba viendo Constantine ayer y toda la trama va a partir de que no se habría suicidado porque creía en el infierno.


I feel scared when I feel risk. Telling the truth sounds like it. That's why knowledge feels like madness. Being alive is a risk.


Mi historia es la profecía autocumplida del que siempre quiero ser filósofo y evitó tanto hacerlo desde tan pequeño por qué su abuelo le dijo que no servía para nada, sus tías que era un desperdicio de intelecto y los padres que creían que no daba dinero.


Todos te decían del dinero pero nadie te decía del gusto de vivir.


Los que no son buenos es que no le han encontrado el gusto.


Qué hay de malo con agarrar? 
Agarrar un encendedor. La mano entregando el arquetipo divino en el tarot.
To be a writer you have to live like one first. The artist comes from living like an artist. Because first you find yourself, then you are. You are, through your art. You are through where everything is prohibited. 


Looks are important. You don’t have to want to marry the reflection in the river. But you shouldn’t ignore yourself either. Insecurity doesn’t come from looking good. Not every woman is the woman with the dyed blond hair. The fashion you follow comes from who you are. If you dye your head every week, You are just confused. Because why would you do something for no reason, every week, for your entire life? I always tried to make decisions that would be helpful for my entire life. Why would I decide to spend my time with this. Is this so important? Is dying my hair who I am? Is it my piercings?.
Superficiality as being willing to change your capacities for no reason more than insecurity. Something like thinning your bones wouldn’t be appetizing, would it be?


No es que no deberiamos estigrmatizanos, deberiamos estigmatizarnos con propiedad. 


When I started writing I realised that I made much more sense than most people. Then I realised I made much more sense than everyone in the universe.


How would you understand yourself with other people better? You have enough words to describe yourself, don’t you? Words are not adjectives, they aren’t adverbs. They aren’t what you like about yourself or don’t like about yourself. They are not about how much you like or don’t like something about the past. They are what you can describe about your looks, and what you can describe about the cyclic things you do. Nouns and verbs. 


Childhood
Transition realising what the world is and what is not.
Adulthood
Transition realising how much you won’t know.
Oldhood. 
Transition realising you are about to die.


I was writing about shit and suddenly I reached enlightenment. 


If you believe something is going to happen and don’t know when, it’s rational and sane if its a catastrophe. It’s irrational and insane If it’s an act. If you believe that things that are in your head are things that are going to happen, then you are insane, or you have intentions. Again, from what you believe, you can’t differentiate what of that is knowledge and what is ridiculous. 


Circular thought is all that there is. 
Every thought, if it ever takes form, should be circular. Every sentence has a beginning and and end. Every sentence should start again right after the end. They are ideas enclosed by narrated thought. 


Something that doesn’t close, It just doesn’t close. It’s absurd and we shouldn’t pretend like it does. 


Intentions are always with what is true. If to the thought there’s suffering, there's no intention. All the thoughts 


Antes los padres a los hijos les pegaban. Mis padres no me pegaban. Y yo creia entonces que entonces debia tener a los mejores padres que existen porque nunca me pegaron. Ah mira vos. Entre todos los padres que existen? Justo yo? Los padres cagan mas o menos a sus hijos cuanto mas o menos miedos les meten. Exactamente eso. No es prohibir a los chicos ver peliculas de terror. Es no hacerles vivir la pelicula de terror.
Si somos honestos, antes el cine no existia. La gente no miraba peliculas. El arte es lo que es puramente humano, pero que mas se acerca a lo divino. 
(Duchamp sos mi pija).
Si somos simbolicos antes de aprender a hablar bien, metenos que mama significa “the hardest word in the whole world” y vamos a ver como conclifctua con nuestros ojos, pero aun asi no encontramos como explicar por que. No tenemos otra narrativa, entonces es la unica narrativa que sabes que existe. 


No tenes que citar fuentes en la charla, tenes que decir lo que pensas y crees. O al menos tenerlo en cuenta. Aunque a veces se te confunde todo. 


Duchamp. sobre por qué Duchamp es mi pija.
El arte es lo más humano, lo mas racional y lo más cercano a lo divino, sea cual sea su aspecto y su significado. 
Duchamp es lo más inhumano, lo más irracional y lo más cercano a la mierda que cagamos, y no tiene ningún aspecto, ningún significado intrínseco. 
Por otro lado, fue aprobado por el gran Stalin o flasho? Más bien múltiples obras de Duchamp tienen el mismo significado. El arte no puede ser seriado.


Seriado como aquello que reproduce el mismo significado, en multiples contenedores.


Si crees que esa servilleta es con la que se limpiaste los mocos, no la vas a usar para limpiarte la boca tambien, no? Y si hay 50% chances, tampoco lo harias. Y si son los mocos de otro? 99% chances a que ni la tocarias ni con otra servilleta. 


The belief that you are dying is a bold assumption. How exactly do you think it would be possible for you to know what is it like to be dead? How do you know “death is coming”?


Esto es prueba tambien de que se arranca con mucho mas creencias. Lo que es muy atractivo del conocimiento es que no te enteras cuanto sabes, pero te das cuenta cuantas creencias dejas atras. 


El problema siempre fueron los enemigos de la verdad. Los que no fueron valientes por defenderla, y los que no fueron virtuosos para usarlas para el engano. 


Como mejor me escondo? No es algo que solo pensaria un criminal. Lo pensaria cualquiera que este siendo perseguido. Por que el miedo a la pregunta como mejor me escondo. El bien se hace escondido tambien. Esa parte la sabemos por los superheroes. No es que los superheroes actuen desinteresadamente. Tienen intereses, y tambien tienen una persona que no se animan a soltar. Viven las dos vidas a pleno. Ninguna de sus facetas conoce a la otra. Porque entiende el concepto detras de “como mejor me escondo?” porque para hacer las cosas bien tambien muchas veces es mejor esconderse para que no te silencien. Porque todos saben que las verdades se pelean con mas mentiras y las mentiras se pelean con la verdad. 


Los brainwashed no explican sus conclusiones. Solo las dicen. No piensan en conclusiones. Son niños repitiendo palabras. Brancatelli y la Doctora Piovano. Doctora con “D” mayúscula.
Estamos de acuerdo que el examen correcto es el que tiene la respuesta correcta? Todos los examenes escolares y universitarios tienen solo una respuesta correcta. Y pensamos que no es adoctrinamiento? Pensamos que no estan obligando a pensar de cierta forma? 


Duchamp was stupid. But it wasn’t so much. He did, intentionally, wanted to push the boundaries of what we think is real. Change forever the definition of art. It did, if forever means now. Marx, Duchamp, Manson, they were all showing what was fake about their worldviews. Useful idiots, but the most useful I think they are, the less I think they are idiots. They defied the world of ideas by themselves. 


Si comunicando nunca podes hacerte entender, cualquiera de las dos cosas puede estar pasando: o estas del todo loco, o todos los demas estan locos. Y ninguna de las dos es mas probable que la otra. No podrias notar la diferencia. 


Me doy cuenta que todas las oraciones son conclusiones. Cuando me frustro porque no llego a escribir es porque mi pensamiento cambio, pero en realidad el que cambia no es el que quiero escribir, es el que concluye ese cambio. Donde el pensamiento se detiene. Todos sabemos que si las cosas no se detienen siguen funcionando. Si no detenemos nuestra atencion en partes del pensamiento, no sabemos que esta ahi. Pero si sabemos que esta ahi, no podemos pensarlas logicamente. 


Going to the zoo with your favourite partner and fuck in front of the animals, is not about wanting to fuck animals but about wanting to fuck the person you are with. If it’s about fucking whoever because the purpose it’s the animals, that’s the perverted truth in it. Can you recognize the perverted truth? The truth from the view of all that it is not, is equally convincing? 


If you think you are El jorobadoo de Notredam y te comportas como el, te vas a convertir en el. 


Prueba de la narracion es que a veces podes pensar en ingles y a veces en espanol. Tambien depende de vos como lo narras, aunque a veces prestes mas o menos atencion. 


Me parece que ahora tenes que recibirte de filosofo para que te dejen hablar. 


Un video de youtube me enseno por que decirle que no a la mente no servia de nada. Repetir “no soy violento” no me iba a hacer menos violento. 
Jung dijo que de chico era violento. Que habia cagado a palos a unos 7 chicos cuando iba a la escuela. Jung renacio psicologicamente. 


Most of the things I can think about come from movies. Movies is the art that most represent perception of reality. I was attached to TV when I was a kid. My parents were attached to TV when I was a kid. 


Hackers are the new free men. The ones that work for your privacy. Pirates considered themselves free men and history doesn’t like them. The old west gangs considered themselves free men and history doesn’t like those. Al Capone. The guys from “Le Isle de Le Rose”. Los chinos estos que les cortaban la cabeza con alambre a los comunistas. 
No es que no haya hombres libres que sean malos, pero los hombres buenos tambien necesitan libertad. 
Si tildas a todos los empresarios de malos, entonces nadie bueno querra ser empresario, a pesar de que es la unica forma, en que si tuvieras buenas intenciones, harias algo al respecto. Porque para ayudar en una sociedad de capitales necesitas capital. Si dejaramos de pensar las cosas con connotacion y pensamos las posibles razones detras del acto, 
Las cosas que son, no tienen connotacion positiva o negativa. 
Las intenciones detras son positivas o negativas.
Y las acciones detras son virtuosas o perversas. 


“I expose myself so you don’t have to”, no es que dicen que decia Jesus?
Nos salvo matandose? Es que no tiene sentido la historia salvo que Jesus sea un iluminado? Un iluminado como un tipo que no tiene lugares oscuros, porque todo lugar que es humanos tiene que ser explorado. Es la integración de la sombra Jungiana. Sale una persona de luz. Una que acepta todo lo que existe como existente, más allá de que a mi me guste o no. Una que se muestra. El iluminado se muestra. El apaagado se esconde.


El iluminado se muestra el apagado se esconde. Vendemos las modas. Vendemos apagado: son los goticos y los emos. Que alguna diferencia me dijeron que tienen. 
El apagado se esconde porque cree que es correcto. El iluminado se muestra porque cree que es correcto. 
And awful things happen in isolation that’ll make tou want to stay there, but also great things happen that’ll make you isolate to find out more and come out to others.  


Mindfulness is reminding yourself what’s real, from what it’s happening. Mindfulness over time could remind you who you are. You’ll feel like an ape looking at the stars. 


Lost meanings that make you sad make you sad because you know you’re losing it. “Losing it” is losing your meanings. If there’s some meanings getting lost, You know when they happened. The word good was the first one I lost, watching power rangers. I realised the good guys always won in the show and it was getting a bit boring already so I asked myself if that could be true. I lost all respect for Power Rangers and never watched it again. It wasn’t the fact that they always won. It was the fact that they won in the most stupid ways, and you already knew at the start of the chapter how it would end. And that was just not true. Children can’t believe what it’s not true if they can comprehend what’s happening. Adults should be like this too. Comprehend enough so you can know what your beliefs are.   


Unattachment is complete loss of meaning.


Sade was only liberated because he touched bottom and decided to act it out no matter what. It’s like the two guys with the hammer that stopped in the middle of the route just to smash some heads. They tested themselves. “If I could climb to the top of that building, being  hight my worst fear. How far could I get?” 
Life is a challenge and you challenge yourself to be bad, to be good, or you just know that good and bad are not real. That good and bad don’t exist in nature. That you exist and have free will, and If you believe that’s not the case you can try and solve the suicide paradox. If you believe you don’t exist, why don’t you try and kill yourself as you think about it? If you believe you don’t have free will, why don’t you actually try to do anything?.
If you think you’ll be better dead, you may think it, but you don’t believe it. If you did believe it, and you’d be dead just for thinking about dead, because that’s what determinism is, you’d be dead. If you somehow know that in truth you do want to be dead, you’ll realise you don’t have to kill yourself, but neither you have to live. So you don’t do because you do not want, and you do because you do want. 


You challenge yourself to be capable, not to be worse. You need to know you are not going to throw yourself to the rails on the train, so you go to the train station. Then you get closer to the end of the pavement. Then you jump to the rails.  Then you laydown on the rails. Then you’ll stand with your eyes closed in front of the train and then you’ll be fucking dead. That’s how self accomplished prophecies work.
On the other side, you could avoid train stations all your life. You won’t jump to the rails, but you’ll find other places to be scared of dying in, and then you won’t be safe even in your own house. 
 
Duchamp was a genius. He knew art, wasn’t no idiot, as I previously stated. He just found that art doesn’t cover the absurd. So the only way of questioning the intrinsic “truth” in art was showing the absurd. The “already made” art. 


If you think something is stupid or bad, think if it has a reason to be the case. 


I believe we all share the same rationality, even if we hold different physical capabilities or knowledge. 


If you have an opinion of someone without having clue why, y


“Why me?” you ask. Then you know your worst fear. 
 
I wouldn’t have hurt Nacho Gomez with the bat when we were little, If i wouldn’t have been scared. He came to me and said “a ver dejame a mi” cuando estaba distraido y me asuste.


Mother won’t go to the rescue. Father won’t go to the rescue. 


I am a philosopher because I am a free thinker. I’ve become unattached to myself in thought. Because now I only want to know. Because I feel deceived. I’m unveiling the truth.


How would you know if feeling your heart equals you dying? You wouldn’t. 


https://youtu.be/AGCmvL0iXc8
exactly what the first guy says. You know that’s why you try to avoid it.
exactly what the second guy asks. You don’t have to agree with anything. 
exactly what the second guy asks. If your drunk grandmother is hurting your child, you hit them. The guy was arrested and sent into this group talks because he protected his kid. They are teaching him how to separate that from the violence they weren’t part of the same thing, that you need to work out your aggressiveness. Is it the church only that made us think this way? Judging what’s bad and what’s good according to your feelings afterwards? Because their medicine for clean consciousness is punishment. Self whip and self hate.  


I thought I wasn’t entitled to be bad because I wasn’t repeatedly hit growing up. So I avoided bad at all costs, at the same time that I tried to figure out what bad was. Why things are bad. Why is violence bad. Why is sexuality bad. I thought a lot about those and other bad things, until I ended up with the conclusion that I had the terms wrong. I was thinking wrong. I was thinking that what is bad, is what it’s shameful. So I followed my instincts. That doesn’t take you to good places. Because suddenly you are grown enough to have a boner and you are supposed to repress it. Like if it was a sin. Like women do with their blood. 
The conclusion was the simplest mind trick. Remembering what I already knew. Good and bad in themselves don’t exist. It’s never the property of the thing to be good or bad. The thing is. Asking again the same questions, knowing that It’s not in its nature to be good and bad, even less at the same time. Sex is always wrong, but marriage makes it good. Are you kidding me? Violence is always bad, but if it’s for protection it’s good. Are you kidding me?
Sex and violence are not wrong. As drugs aren’t wrong, if they’re used to tell you how predisposed you are to being manipulated. 


Through fear you’ll only make people believe they are incapable. Hit them, insult them, shame them, submit them, and you’ll make them believe they are incapable of doing the good that’s left. Let them learn that they could do all those things.


Ninguna palabra me debería hacer hervir la sangre. Si lo está haciendo, entonces debería revisarla. Creo que a veces se dicen verdades, pero solo un poquito. Como en el escrito de las malas palabras de diógenes. Pero solo es una parcialidad. Le faltó todo lo demás. 


Kids were hit until they weren’t anymore. And before, they always weren’t. Note that what you think is good or bad, couldn’t change in time.


I thought it was like conditioning. No different than a dog. But a dog can only be conditioned with fear of punishment or joy of reward. A human can make decisions based on everything that is not just that.


Está claro como le dicen en el video de los golpeadores lo que tienen que pensar. El chico dice “porque me enseñaron a ser hombre” bla bla bla. Es que la violencia depende de quien la usa y por que para ser considerada buena o mala. 


Accessing the words is accessing the meaning without thinking linguistically. Is reading with no voice. 


“If you want to I don’t know what, be reasonable and take the line. If you want to change the world, be a troublemaker.” 
https://open.spotify.com/episode/3bw4rbN6hgp80jix4ZsTrV?si=vG7lDP1kQtyg6gzjBymkZA&utm_source=copy-link


En estas frases encontramos que la humanidad ya sabe cómo comportarse desde siempre. Siempre dijeron las mismas cosas. Múltiples culturas, múltiples sociedades.

Psychosis and thinking outside the box are equals in the sense that both want to change the world.  


Juzga tus decisiones por lo que te hace querer estar vivo y evitar lo que te hace querer estar muerto. 


All poets and writers and great artists had the same secret. They weren’t there when they wrote those things. The muses were talking to them. 


There’s no more happiness after happiness. It is not directly proportioned with money. 


“Lo se porque lo he pensado” es verdad, pero “pienso, entonces se” no es verdad. 


When Jesus described things that were wrong, he was thinking about the least helpful to others but yourself, and yet the only ones that you extremely enjoy. Because they are not for the greater good, they don’t directly influence the world. True. He recognised those but I don’t see how he concluded that it was a sin, I don’t know. I think it’s only what’s logical to believe if you are jewish.


Sane doesn’t need therapy. 


 I can’t believe that something is and it isn’t at the same time. So I have to know which one it is. I can’t believe 33 is at the same time spontaneity and non spontaneity. No podes amar mucho.


Maybe not the good guy but the one that did the right thing.


We're underlying metaphysical substrates.


https://youtu.be/SgOTaXhbqPQ


Every time there's freedom, there's someone selling fear.


God is exploring and developing himself.


No le puedo querer explicar a alguien la misma cosa desde el lado opuesto. Un rey es un rey. En el plano metafísico, un rey es tirano o es protector. Con el dinero pasa lo mismo. Es un bien de transacción. 


No decir "creo que…" ; "pienso que…". Siempre lo que creo es lo que sé y lo que sé es lo que creo. Lo que creo y lo que sé es lo que pienso. No todo lo que pienso lo creo ni lo sé. 


"Me da igual" significa "no me afecta". No "no me parece que sea importante". Me da igual si la cosa existe porque si no fuera por quién lo dice no existiría. "Me da igual".


"Lo dices como si viviéramos en Gran Hermano" dijo E. Nada más lejos de lo quería decir.


La locura es la auto-restricción. Cuando no hay nada ahí, ¿qué te lo impide si no tú? 




La palabra habla de
Sí misma
De cosas que existen
De cosas que no existen


Buscando lo que es y lo que no es
Te encontrás con lo que está bien y lo que está mal 
Y te encontrás con lo falso y lo verdadero.


Porque cualquiera hace películas, cualquiera hace lo que quiere. Así está el tema con el capitalismo.


Aprender la metafísica de las cosas es aprender del significado de las cosas que existen.


Nada es verdad respecto a la forma en que los demás hacen las cosas. Ellos hacen las cosas como las hacen. Habrá una mejor manera para hacerlas, pero no depende de vos decirles.


Solo decir la verdad a quien está dispuesto a escucharla.


No escuchar musica para que te guste. Escuchar musica para después saber cuál es la mejor para el momento en el que estás.


No se trata de no decir lo que no sabes si no de no defender lo que crees como si no quisieras saber.


Definir las cosas por lo bien o mal que están en vez de lo verdadera o falsas que son, genera auto-restricción.


I behave the way I see others perceive the world. I don't care.


Uno es lo que busca. Ni lo que piensa, no lo que dice.


Las cosas que hicimos son las cosas que hacemos.


Libertad de consciencia es el primer derecho. Libre entendimiento. 


Nos vendieron gato por liebre solo por malinterpretar las cosas.


No podemos avanzar porque todavía no podemos aceptar que somos humanos.


People are scared of reasoning logically their way to insanity. That's why they don't talk about certain things. If you talk about them, you could understand them and if you undertood them you'd become them. The biggest fallacy.


I am free. But I live the same.


Uno se replantea porque se cansa de decir siempre lo mismo. Uno solo evoluciona en la medida en que recuerda la vez anterior.


We all have done everything in one way or another. We can relate to any movie. You know you relate when you know in wasn't sense you relate.


Some days are better writing days than others.


Las cosas son lo que buscan.


El tiempo para la mente solo es significado. El significado es la unidad del pensamiento. La organización de lo significativo es la temporalidad mental.


Creo que si todo el mundo dijera lo que piensa de verdad las cosas estarían mejor.


The reasons behind acting human. We can only find meaning. We only seek meaning. And we are what we seek. Less meaning less human.


Si te medís en relación a la reacción de la gente, siempre te vas a sentir un pelotudo.


Las memorias son de cuando me di cuenta de algo, sea verdadero o falso. Es algo nuevo. Depende de la lectura que hagas. La lectura debería ser correcta, verdadera. Uno menosprecia la facilidad con la que podemos engañarnos.


Finding myself I find everything else.


Being a philosopher is having really long opinions.


La gente se hablaban a sus espíritus en otra época.


Creí que los adultos no peleaban más.


Los recuerdos son sentidos de cuestiones anteriores?


Fears have all the same nature.


Searching for the reason behind other people's anger it's a recipe for anger.


  

Dana compartió eso. Percepción del mundo.


My spirit is sad when it can't understand.


Thinking about discussions shouldn't be the same as filling someone's image with bad juicios.


Free association is my worldview.


Creciente
INFP
INTP
ENTJ




"Las cosas son así y no hay nada que pueda hacer" fue la realización más determinante en mí actitud con la política y la vida. También la más incorrecta.


Finding out that you and history match some of the same thoughts, is what makes you keep looking. No need for finding everything by yourself.


Decreciente
I know
I think
I believe
I can’t know
Belief is only for when there's no more space for logical conclusions. You can't know beyond real mystery.


We rarely believe people believe what they say. We get angry because you think they are lying and they know it.
In reality people say what they mean, other people understand another thing. The conflict then escapes words.


Uno exagera lo que genera buenas reacciones y retrae lo que genera malas reacciones, así se deforma uno.


If you end up forgetting what you think it was about, then the problem never was about that. You can't forget what you're troubled about. The 


You cannot tell you're insane because it's logical. It's the opposite side of truth.


If nervous, you won’t get in depth. 


Self contained, self isolated. Not quite a downward spiral. It’s just you not expanding. You should expand outwards. The inward spiral. It feels like going down, like earth feels like it has ups and downs but instead it’s just in and out. 


“What are you hearing when I say...?” That’s the point of the conflict. 


Thought is of the mind.
Knowledge and belief are of the spirit.


Beliefs are aligned with who we are, not thoughts. Thoughts are independent from belief. 


Stop believing it’s the way of unattachment. 


But stop believing doesn’t make the thing unreal, it just takes it away from our understanding. Like with God, or parents, or idols. 


Enlightenment for me is losing fear in knowing what you really are. 


Not an incitement of action but an incitement of disbelief and re-built from knowledge. 


I believe wrong and right as subjective, relative terms, based on what we know about what’s best, and what we decide to do about it.


Prohibition is the worst of all human things. 


What’s emptying is begging for approval and love. What’s emptying is needing. 


Information and other interests don’t mix well. 


JBP as the first E-dad. 


The unknown is outnumbered. Travis Walton


Truth is the new hate speech. Travis Walton


The ever repeating cycle. Never ending.


No sé trata solo de desconfiar de lo que se sabe que no se puede saber, sino de lo que se cree que sí se sabe. 


Describir la propia realidad a otros.


Toda lectura es una traducción.


Logos as metaphysical substrate. Only aligned with the only true axis, the being, can lead you to God. Logos is the link between whatever is true about you and whatever is truth about reality. What I know and what I believe is sustained by a logos that makes them make sense. If the alpha is true, then the omega is true. If the alpha es false, then the omega is false. Know the alpha and everything else will fall into place.


Believing what I am is the only thing I have as a person.
Knowing that I am is the only thing I really have.


The truest logos is the perfect technique.


El tiempo es del oido. Es el responsable de nuestra percepcion de los patrones en el tiempo. La musica, el ritmo, opera para el espiritu. Toda dimension espiritual le corresponde al oido. Escuchar musica es escuchar lo que el oido escucha en tu cabeza, no lo que sale del parlante. 


Good prayer with JBL speaker. 


Don’t deny that it exists. 


El oido y el equilibrio tienen muucho que ver. La perdida de la dimension corporal es lo que hace al trance. Mover la cabeza y seguir un ritmo nos adentra en el espacio espiritual. 


Me vas a tener que seguir en esta porque es un poco compleja. 
Vine preparado como si fuera el ultimo final de la facultad. 
Vengo a venderle a la audiencia un par de risas y a Martin una experiencia inolvidable. 


La muerte no es importante.


Death is not important. 


Las referencias deberian ser utilizadas como titulos de capitulos y esas cosas. Como para que resumir y que el lector tambien pueda buscar cual era la referencia que inspiro ese titulo. Como easter eggs. 


If we use anchors to compare future reading, why wouldn’t be do the same thing with our experiences? Memories are just anchors. Fixation as anchors. 


Mind navigates. 


I think I live a happy life and then I publish the book. That’s a nice thought. 


Every sentence has its own logos. Space and time in structure. 


Logos as space and time in structure. Every phrase has a temporality and spaciality that corresponds to its logos. Everything that exists is space and time. If it comes from what it’s constant, it goes to what is constant. From being to God. From mystery to truth. 


I’m glad you can read instead of “thanks for reading”.


So a lie could be true for some temporality, for some spaciality, but never real. 


Un grupo es una unidad. Que si la contas en manzanas o personas se pierde. Solo en la abstraccion se puede pensar al grupo como lo que es: una unidad. 


I forget that the only thing that I learned to change my mind is the right attitude towards fear. Irritability, anger, poker face, joy even. It’s only when people stop being fearful that they act. 


Abdominal panick attack. Continues even with anything around. Feels like peeing inside. Pee is stored in balls.


Irrationality doesn’t always come from fear but all fears are irrational. What distracts cannot attract, because that’s the way it is. 


Disgust? Fear of disgusts itself and atraction? Fear of contradiction? Conflict? Mindmap. 




Everyone acts as if it was private. Logos is common. Heraclito. Es como si lo hubiera escrito yo. 
https://youtu.be/MTwY1xj9Y0E
Logos is common because it is shared. Is common to all. Divine, natural principle. 
“If we see the Logos you’lll see how we are actually one”.
Every religion first principle is the Logos. 


Logos is apart from us. 


Logos is how you find truth, but your own personal logos can be wrong. 


If you say “Revenge of the Cybermen” there’s a Logos in it, telling you that there was an injustice prior to the revenge. It’s not up to you, it’s decided. Theres a time, it’s the future, but it’s not the real future, is metaphorical. It has cybermen. 


Cruelty? The opposite of compassion? Nietzsche. 
https://youtu.be/WED584SUWy4
Debates sin respeto son las unicas formas de encontrar  la verdad. Safe spaces  should not be. 


University is with state. State is higher than the truth in universities. 


Cruelty comes from fear. It’s next evolution. 


Mahoma y con razón: "Quien se aleja de la ley divina acaba por volverse una bestia".
Varios tipos de inteligencia? Mental, espiritual, corporal? 


Logos as the only part of reality that can be experimented. Logos as link. Ligamento. I'll legame. Logos is what's true about what's said.


Everything is true in some sense?


You divide by confronting them, 
and the war is inevitable.


To be described like that it must have been perceived like that.


Cada que me pierdo narro el momento presente.


When I'm God everyone dies.


I have to man up because this is not about me. The logos quest.


Enemigos son los que causan miedo. Los que usan el shock para hacer creer a los jóvenes que nacieron en un mundo apocalíptico. Un mundo de fuerzas del bien y del mal batallando. Un bolazo.


No puedo cambiar los Estados de los pensamientos.


Que forma tienen en realidad los conceptos abstractos? 


I could be wrong. But I thought something and got lost unchecked.


I don't have to stay on thinking what I don't want to think.


I could know them before, but I don't have to.


Intelligent thoughts will come. Don't try to provoke them. It might become a counter productive habit.


Cuando el cuerpo busca distraerte prestale atención.


miedo de volverme publico. En algun momento esto de que el libro se iba a publicar se me subio a la cabeza. Me olvide donde estoy. Me olvide donde estaba hace una semana. Me inhiboal escribir en este documento que para ese mismo proposito fue creado: desinhibir al espiritu. Encontre a mi libre expreision, y la encontre mucho mas humana que la esclavizada que tenia antes de eso. Crei que ya estaba a salvo, pero solo me hizo falta un encontronazo con alguien en alguna charla para volver a darme cuenta de que a ala gente no le gusta hablar con la verdad. Se sienten agredidos poruqe sus palabras tienen connotacion. Las palabras son aajenas a mi. Yo la encuentro cuando las busco para decirlas o escribirlas. Yo no soy mis palabras, yo no soy mis imagenes, porque mis imagenes tienen un caracter espacio temporal, y mis palabras son eternas. Mis pensamientos no son eternos ni mis imagenes reales en este tiempo y espacio. Lo verdadero es que esas imagenes y esas palabras administran tu conducta. Lo falso es que 
Las palabra pueden ser mas o menos nuevas pero su significado es eterno. Individualismo y lo que significa, esta contenido en el propio termino. Cualquiera podria describir el individualismo desde su propio lugar. Porque no se quien invento la palabra, pero se que soy individualista. Y se lo que significaa para mi. No tiene nada que ver con vivir en comunidad o no vivir en comunidad. Es entender que no somos parte de nuestro colectivo en cuanto no experimentamos nunca el colectivo. Somos, y es lo unico que de verdad sabemos, la individualidad que experimentamos. 


Al final escribiendo se me aclara la cabeza bastante rapido. 


Give the body a command and watch it do it.


Todo cae en su lugar. Cuando escribe uno se transforma. Uno se abre entre las lineas como venas, se vulnera, see reconoce, se identifica, see encuentra. No se si gran parte de elo que digo es inexacto o tiene algunos otros aspectos a considerar, pero hago mi mejor esfuerzo. 


You cannot get the world any better the way you are now (it foesn’t matter where you are).
IIt does’t matter where you were in the past, you can only get the world any better the way you are now. 


La unica pregunta que no podes responder son las de quien sos. Lo que te mata es la incertidumbre. Lo que te conduce es la irracionalidad. Hacernos conscientes de la incertidumbre de nuestra propia existencia nos hace indidablemente mejores. 


Esto hacia al principio. Estoy en la temporada donde no me animaba a poner musica fuerte por miedo a que fernando escuchcara lo que a mi me gustaba escuchar. Me acuerdo que tenia que “matarlo”. Ahora me cuesta escribir libremente y si lo hago lo hago incomodamente, como autoconscientemente. Y al final sale algo peor de lo que originalmente habria salido. Pero bueno supongo que tengo que seguir destrabando. Valdra la pena seguir escribiendo hasta que la mente vaya a a ritmo. 
Voy tan rapido ahora que no me dedico tiempo ni para verme las manos mientras escribo. 
Me olvido que tengo que hiponotizarme. 


En realidad lo que no es correcto es la distribucion de las teclas en el teclado En que momento me crei la gran cosa. En que momento se me subio esto a la vabeza. El impacto que lo que yo tenga para decir tenga o no tenga en la gente poco me compete a mi, para bien o para mal. El arte es independiente del artista. Lo que yo razone es mas que yo. Porque razono una vez y es para siempre, por mas que mi consciencia fluctue en el tiempo. 


Lo que razonaste una vez es para siempre, aunque se te olvide. 


De repente el resto del mundo me importo menos que mi reputacion. Esto no es por mi reputacion. 


Despues de que mando al cuerpo a hacer algo tengo que concentrarme en la respiracion porque sino lo que hago es cortarla. Siempre me encuentro cortando la respiracion por concentrarme en lo qu e estoy haciendo. Y no tiene nada que ver una cosa con la otra, deberia respirar mejor, y mi cuerpo ya sabe como corregirse. 


“It’s the narrative”, I ketp repeating to myself, but it just sounded  fake. Because like that, It sounded as if it was
Just for the narrative you are not going to believe some bullshit. 


Estos ejercicios son una experieencia espiritual para los aventureros, los que van a ir a explorar su mente aun con miedo para encontrar algo de verdad. 


When you feel trapped in your own head, that’s when it’s happening exactly that. You need energy to get out of your head. Be you, beyond head and part of the whole. 


Recordar que no hay nada que determine tus tipos de pensamientos mas que la energia. If there’s defeat, your head needs a break from reason. A break from all thougt proving that what it think it’s its own body, it is not.  The body is on its own. But something else controls it, and apropriates it. That’s our self. But that’s a lie. Your body is your apprentice. 


The urge to sneeze always come out. 


You know you are not your body because you can let it do something while you start thinking something else. All that is mechanical, that’s all body. 


Projection to the future is all. Believe you are condemned, then you are. Believe there’s nothing you can do, and there’s not a thing. You are already dead when you think you are. You heads get inspirational satisfaction from knowing what it could be in a brighter tomorrow. 


Para la publicacion del libro me preoupare cuando se escriba el libro. A mi el tiempo no me a apurar. Las peores tragedias no han sucedido aun. Siempre va a haber un lugar desde donde esconderse a escribir. 


Lo que esta bueno de la escritura compleja es que no explicacs la conexion entre todos los pensamientos. Cada oracion es una linead de pensamiento. Cada una vino despues de la anterior. Cada una tiene una secuencia logica mas no explicada. El mecanismo por el cual se llega ede una a otra (serie de otras secuencias logicas)  esta implicito y el lector debe interactuar con el. 


It’s how things interact with each other that determines them.


Las pequenas seuencias implicitas son el logos. Es el espiritu de las palabras en la oracion? La estructura cristalizada? 


Esto deja de ser serio cuando dejo de verlo como si fuera un borrador, porque es lo  que es. Todavia no arranque a editarlo. 


You know how much magic is important to you. Just by noticing the prsence of dark forces.  


Every explination about who I am is wrong. History defines you more or less accurately by your own properties. Your own nature. 


Mind, tell the body what to do. With intention, direct it Move the neck or the fingers. 


There’s always a mind process behind every conscious body process. 


I did my best as If I knew what’s best. Experimentng with thought can lead you far into sanity or far away from it. 
Sanity as correspondence between self narration andn reality. 


No guilt. No regrets. Ever. You can only change the now, and what’s better for the future than improving oneself. 


Only think about your familiy when you are talking to them. Only think about your friends when you are with them. Only think about sex when you are having it. Only think about romance when you feel platonicly attracted. Only think about magic when you feel cursed and need to free your spirit into the world. 


En ese momento era el perro que no sale de la reja aunque la abran porque ya la electrificaron numerosas veces. 
La reja esta abierta ahroa y estoy saliendo. No deberia dejar de salir. 


Not think about what’s not going to make you better, so neither does make the world better. The world one person at a time. 


Before any change or decision, anxiety should be out. I need to heal anxiety before going out again. Proving to myself what I’m capable of. You pee more than you should because of the anxiety, not the other way around. 
I’m going to take the time of my peeing. AMGONNATAMEITGODDAMNIT..


You know how dark or bright your moments are when you see what’s been written prior, because you never remember exactly how you were thinking. You can’t match it, let’s say. Although you could with enough experimentation with self deception. Self deception because It’s about imaginary scenarios that have no place here and now, where it all exists. 


36 segundos. 
Peace of mind. No guilt, no shame. No resentment, no hate. Pure peace. Now you can know what’s greater.


One loses track that it’s always the same. That if you can keep track of yourself anyone can. The track is there. Don’t lose track because there you find where you’re standing.


The body determines the thought and the thought directs the body.


Las personas se acuerdan de lo bueno que alguien trajo al mundo cuando muere. Al mundo no le importa nada más. Por eso no importa nada más. No guilt, no shame, no resentment.


Lo que estoy experimentando es una forma de amor. El desear que las cosas hubiesen sido diferentes. No es que no elegí, sino que me hubiera gustado elegir diferente, antes.


Yo elegí. En mi vida dije eso. Yo elegí la vida que llevo. Yo elegí y puedo elegir.


I'm not where I used to be.


Repeat it long enough so it stops having meaning. Repeat the thought that you're holding until you can compare the rationality, the way of reason, the correspondence.


All that the thing is not, the ironic.


"How should I approach this in order to learn?"


You have to know what you're doing.


The left hand just be below the stick each time to bounce it back. Is like the Ollie.


I'm gonna be the best I can. 


Basic confrontation is a must.


How could the beast teach humanity right? The irony.


I don't matter. I am not.


I will do the right thing even if I'm scared of it.


Al mundo no le hace ninguna diferencia si yo estoy triste o contento Ni si estoy asustado. Solo hay valentía dónde hubo miedo.


No voy a saber lo que creen de mí cuando esté muerto.


"Quien esté libre de pecado que lance la primera piedra."


The work of a lifetime.


I just need to be furious.


Lo que yo crea de mí no importa. 


The evil was just the false, but it is no more.


The cycle by the day.


One day at a time.


Nothing is important, nothing is evil. 


Llegado el momento puedo elegir si matarme.


But why should I suffer if I don't condemn myself anymore. And should I be evil when I'm not suffering.


Religion is written like that because it defines what it is and what is not. It talks about being a lot.


Lo que uno es es lo que es siempre.


Across time across space. That's what one is.


What I can do is publish this fucking thing.


When you perceive the world as they do. That's when you lose yourself. Bad old habit.


Need energy.


I am condemned no matter what. So I'll do what I have to.


Don't give a shit when reasoning properly.


Todo duele hasta que te acordás cual era de verdad el problema. La falta de significado.


Avoid the direct link to the old picture.


Always learn new ways of torturing yourself.


Just know that you can do it. You can change.


Lo que pronto te acordás es como piensan las cosas todos los demás.


Las cosas no siempre significaron lo mismo para nosotros.


Prophets in a world that don't want to really listen.


Lo bueno es hacer un buen first strike. Como no voy a hacer lo correcto?


It's always about the fight of the older guys. I'm free because I don't care.


Now I believe in ghosts.


I've avoided talking about feelings yet. Feelings make you grounded. Feelings are prior to thought or consequence of it. 
You'll have bad thoughts if you think thinking is bad.


Cuando siento terror, no mirar otra cosa. Cuando siento tristeza no mirar otra cosa. Cuando siento ganas de reír no mirar otra cosa. Cuando siento amor no mirar otra cosa.


No pensar mejor por creer que no lo merezco. Que estúpido error.


Parodias de found footage de terror.


Attracted to monsters?


The purpose is greater than me.


If a feeling is troubling me, watch the feeling. If there's no feeling, meet experience guide you.


El aburrimiento como razón insuficiente para el suicidio.


Lo irónico de algo es lo opuesto igual de verdad.


Think about what comes up not what you bring up.


Dream implies a dreamer. Thought implies a thinker. Perception implies a perceiver.


By feeling worse I won't do any better.


You relive, so you remember.


To accept one's destiny is just to accept one's death. I know what I'll do, and it's not the best for me.


Why should I think about that? I could but I don't have to since I'll never know.


I don't have to use my head every instant of every action. I can command and observe the body do it without me.


You don't have infinite energy.


(Do not) Let fear take away your style.


Anonymity is not the way. 


What else would I do if not exactly this? I'm giving up my individuality.


I am the brain.


Isn't it virtuous if a thought doesn't come at all?


Get deep into the things. Layers after layers of that in which you're focused on. 


"Metete en las palabras", decía, "en el Logos". No es más que desentrañar las palabras y lo que significan, y sobre que estructuras se significan ellas a su vez. Es la crystallization, las estructura del Logos.
Crystal infinite paths.


When I can't read is when I just won't stop to think about what I'm reading, not for a second.


(You could but you don't have to) Choose a template and live by it.


You don't know how to remember it all back again. But yes you do. You know that if you freefall, everything will be remembered because it's the truth. You don't have to find it again. What's found is kept.


You can only "remember" what you think it's true. Memories are always false.


One's belief is that thoughts are holding your self. They are not. Let your body drop dead.


El significado es real, el significante no lo es. El significante no es significante. Por eso existe la narrativa. Es significante solo la forma de decir las cosas.


Me habia olvidado que para pensar algo piola primero habia que de verdad pensarlo. Que no cae del cielo. Me habia olvidado tambien que el significante es solo una creencia de significante. Como es la misma manera en la que nos comunicamos con los demas, pensamos que es por esto que la palabra o la imagen son las que contienen el significado, pero en realidad las cosas se significan una vez dichas o escritas, porque son las mismas representaciones para cuantas partes reciban el mensaje. Adentro de tu cabeza lo unico que hay es significado. El significante es arbitrario y falso. Porque el significado se mantiene sobre distintas sucesiones significantes. El significado es la constante. El significado es el misterio. El Logos es la forma en que podemos acceder. Pensando en su significado, en lo que la cosa es. Siendo la cosa. Cristalizando sus estructuras. 


Me habia olvidado tambien que lo que venia haciendo no era ni ahi un formato terminado. Que vendrian correcciones. Crei que me perseguian o algo, tuve otro brote psicotico. Creo que cada vez que no encuentro iluminacion estoy en un brote psicotico. No se que significa bien un brote psicotico pero lo entiendo como un periodo donde estas tan en tu cabeza que cosas pasan alrededor tuyo y no tienen sentido y despues son revividas filtradas por lo que rondaba en tu cabeza y tu experiencia y percepcion se ven totalmente distorsionadas. Como que discutiste con alguien o se rieron de vos, o dijeron algo mientras vos no prestabas atencion, porque te acordas que algo no entendiste, que algun comentario no pegaste, que alguna cosa no dijiste. Pero si de eso se trata este puto libro, de escribir cuanta cosa se me cruce por la cabeza. 
Eso era lo que me habia hecho libre hace poco. Y me lo habia olvidado. De repente, porque no encuentro energia. Estoy comiendo menos por escribir mas, pero al final no puedo ni escribir ni comer ni dormir ni pensar. 


Voy a buscar que es un brote psicotico y como tener uno. Tutorial jajaja.
 
Cuando hablo con palabras, nunca tengo que escuchar las intenciones. Si hablo de ideas, me interesa el argumento. Si hablo de relaciones personales, me interesan las intenciones. 


Que ridícula es mi cabeza. Soy practicamente libre. No se como el futuro vaya a repercutir en mi. No tengo la mas puta idea. No tengo ni idea de mis recuerdos. Se lo que significan. Pero no son yo. Son impresiones que obtengo de percepciones de realidad ahora, mirando hacia atras. 
Yo no soy mis manos. Layers of layers. 


Escribiendo cualquier vergada no empiezan a salir cosas buenas. 


Solo lo que testa en tu cabeza puede ser escrito. 


Por que no me interesa el pasado? Porque no puedo cambiarlo.
Por que no me interesa el futuro? Porque no lo conozco. 
Por que me interesa el presente? Porque puedo influir en el futuro. 


Drop the act and be born again. Reenact. Psychological rebirth. 


La comida quizas contenga gusanos digo. Y estoy a punto de tirar un plato de comida que llego ayer a las 11 de la noche. Hoy a la 1 de la tarde del dia siguiente me planteo si comermela. Porque es caldo. Ya me estoy por poner a ver en internet. Pero para que me voy a preocupar tanto. Tengo que ver si esta buena, si sabe bien, y todo chistolito. Lo que no sirva se tira. Todos contentos. Que hay gente que ha comido arroz con gorgojos por anos. 


Si las cosas que miras en internet te estan traumando, es senal de que necesitas un psychological rebirth. Cuando estoy triste me hace mal todo. 


Las imagenes no son verdad porque no significan nada. El significado si es real porque es lo que crees que es. Porque siempre todo significado es lo que crees que es. Algunas de ellas sabes, otras no sabes que no sabes. 


Because it’s all in your head, you could have it all one day, and lose it all the next day. 


Will I still have this problem after I finish doing this? Is the wrong question. 
Relive everything and you’ll find true meaning or you’ll lost all of it comparing it to the axis of your problem. The axis being a false representation of a thought. The meaning is real, the representation isn’t, and time around it was just time wasted. 


I wish I’d known this before. You’re cheated into perception growing up. Nothing has to do with the smart mind that picks it up. Reality is the entanglement of lies. It covers it all. 


I’ll go play drums, enjoy the fuck out of the meal I bought, and be fucking happy. Because I’ll do my part, and I’ll die full.


This book has information that could impact the world. Will it? Who knows. Nothing that’s in the future can be measured or taken as a posibility, as it’s as good as any other. 


Freefall and footlose.
 
Fuck this shit. Fuck all of this shit. I’m not what others think of me. I’m not what I think about myself. So why would I give a fuck. Why would I make it about me? I don’t know what I am and I’m trying to figure it out. Succeding, actually. I’ll keep going on that path. No rush. My time, my rules. Whatever happens, happens. Not my fault, I only control my own action. I’ll become my true self.


I don't want to stop loving my father. I don't want my parents to stop loving me. 


I could stop loving them, but I don't have to.


I truly don't know how other people experience reality.


You don't live reality. You experience the reality. You live the experience.


Sadness is the way to touch bottom. Make yourself feel sad when it's already there. Tell yourself hurtful truths about what you're thinking.  Cry it out. Prove that it doesn't change a thing. Then you feel good.


Lust as need of, desire in general.


It will remain a secret. It will unveil through time. That's why it's a secret. That's why religions and orders are secret. They change the world internally. But you need to gradually convince people.


You can feel whatever about whatever, it won't make a difference. Imma be a priest of my own church. I'm going to not be disgusted because disgust is not a property of the thing. I won't be scared because fear is not a property of the thing. The fear is real but the cause never is. Even if what you think is a possibility, being scared about it is just an option.


One is. One drives. One strives. The only thing One can do is try.


Lo que no queremos es creer cosas que nos hacen mal. Igual no quiere decir que si nos la creemos sea verdad. Quiere decir que eso crees o que eso significa el pensamiento. Porque mañana podes creer otra cosa.


Mentes de infinitas posibilidades.


If she would have known better, she wouldn't have done it. I want to forgive my mom. She seeks forgiveness and I want her peace of mind. She's not the monster I remember.


I won't care about the past again no matter what. It is no more and I have no need for it anymore. Nothing should bother and nothing will, no matter it's seriousness. I'm dying anyways.


Nothing bothers me anymore.


It was a dark descent. I'm on flote again.


I don't want people to change. I want them not to.


No todo lo que pienso es una realización. Sí cambié. Disfruto todo lo que pienso.


Este vientito bien Buenos Aires. Me encanta. Estoy en el balcón con el viento en la cara. Sí cambié. Disfruto de todo lo que siento.


Si no todo lo que pienso es una realización, entonces disfruto todo lo que pienso.
Si no todo lo que siento tiene una explicación racional, entonces disfruto de todo lo que siento. Aún del miedo.


I'll never be able to know if I'm dying for real.


With weed fear comes first. Thoughts come second.


Not everything I realise must be written. Realisations are mine. The book has a purpose.


Feelings play their big part in thoughts, because we don't take them into account. But you do when you guide yourself with intuition. Prethought.


There are no rules for what I write about. I keep falling into the trap or believing that I've found the one right way or the right thing to say as if I was the son of God or something. As human as one can be.


I write about whatever and fuck y'all. I don't have to get lost in the rebel nor in the righteous.


You can also temporarily remove everything that makes you miserable. One realisation at a time. Get into isolation. Cry in despair. Shake in fear. All in vain. Realising it will set you free.


Feel everything you can while alone. So you know the world before experiencing it.


Feelings are without thought. When feeling, feeling. Not thinking about feeling.


Remembering when it's not needed serves no purpose. Remembering for association and not for recalling. Recalling serves no purpose. Remembering is involuntary. 


Forget everything and be. Freefall and footloose.


Feeling tells you what to listen. Intuition guides curiosity. Reason guides understandment. 


From everything I know a little, even if it's just the word used.


Loveless meaningful life worth more than loveful meaningless life.


The first mistake was believing I don't like confrontation.


I went away from truth for a few days. Experiences with other people make you change your beliefs.


Not a good human being but a true artist.