Un filósofo no lee acerca de la filosofía; filosofa.


They teach us to be judgemental of our family and friends, yet they won’t take the blame for it. 


El circo son las marchas pacíficas.


Los lobos se disfrazan de ovejas para no tener pedir permiso. 


El tiempo no es una línea y por lo tanto la lectura de este escrito tampoco es lineal. 


Fuimos desmantelados. Unveiled. 


We fight for control, only in our heads. 
You can’t transform your flow of thoughts without contemplation and rituals.


Geniuses and mads are equally troubled. 


You’ve been bored with a purpose. 


Estrés y dopamina son las hélices que te licúan el cerebro. 


“Hablen los problemas”, dicen. 
Hablar infinitamente no resuelve los problemas.
La hora de terapia es el nuevo confesionario. 


Hacer las cosas bien es hacerlas con técnica. 


What would you write about if it’s not for the things you write about?


Revisit propaganda across time. 


Only a few generations of adoctrination was needed.


What’s the best technique?
https://awakened-imagination.blog/2019/04/29/what-is-the-best-technique/
The best technique as the one that gets you to feel as you intend, faster. 
Feeling is the secret and the goal. 


Flores, flores y más flores. 
awakened-imagination.com


Not everyone reaches enlightenment, but why isn’t everyone pursuing it?


The opposite of being is no one. 


Tough love is not natural.


Dreaming should be pleasant, even if there are horrors.


It’s hard for the individual to hold its own worldview in a world that only has sides. It’s tribalism. 


We don’t need no education. 


El becerro de oro
Cuando el pueblo vio que Moisés tardaba en bajar del monte, la gente se congregó alrededor de Aarón, y le dijeron: Levántate, haznos un dios que vaya delante de nosotros; en cuanto a este Moisés, el hombre que nos sacó de la tierra de Egipto, no sabemos qué le haya acontecido. Y Aarón les dijo: Quitad los pendientes de oro de las orejas de vuestras mujeres, de vuestros hijos y de vuestras hijas, y traédmelos. Entonces todo el pueblo se quitó los pendientes de oro que tenían en las orejas y los llevaron a Aarón. Y él los tomó de sus manos y les dio forma con buril, e hizo de ellos un becerro de fundición. Y ellos dijeron: Este es tu dios, Israel, que te ha sacado de la tierra de Egipto. Cuando Aarón vio esto, edificó un altar delante del becerro. Y Aarón hizo una proclama, diciendo: Mañana será fiesta para el Señor. Y al día siguiente se levantaron temprano y ofrecieron holocaustos y trajeron ofrendas de paz; y el pueblo se sentó a comer y a beber, y se levantó a regocijarse. Entonces el Señor habló a Moisés: Desciende pronto, porque tu pueblo, que sacaste de la tierra de Egipto, se ha corrompido. Bien pronto se han desviado del camino que yo les mandé. Se han hecho un becerro de fundición y lo han adorado, le han ofrecido sacrificios y han dicho: «Este es tu dios, Israel, que te ha sacado de la tierra de Egipto». Y el Señor dijo a Moisés: He visto a este pueblo, y he aquí, es pueblo de dura cerviz. Ahora pues, déjame, para que se encienda mi ira contra ellos y los consuma; mas de ti yo haré una gran nación. Entonces Moisés suplicó ante el Señor su Dios, y dijo: Oh Señor, ¿por qué se enciende tu ira contra tu pueblo, que tú has sacado de la tierra de Egipto con gran poder y con mano fuerte? ¿Por qué han de hablar los egipcios, diciendo: «Con malas intenciones los ha sacado, para matarlos en los montes y para exterminarlos de la faz de la tierra»? Vuélvete del ardor de tu ira, y desiste de hacer daño a tu pueblo. Acuérdate de Abraham, de Isaac y de Israel, siervos tuyos, a quienes juraste por ti mismo, y les dijiste: «Yo multiplicaré vuestra descendencia como las estrellas del cielo, y toda esta tierra de la cual he hablado, daré a vuestros descendientes, y ellos la heredarán para siempre». Y el Señor desistió de hacer el daño que había dicho que haría a su pueblo.


Caprichoso el Señor. 


Si no puedo detener el tiempo es porque el tiempo para mí es significado. 
Lo que es significado es el tiempo. 
El tiempo se significa. 
Es propiedad del tiempo ser significado. 


Your being, projected into what’s portrayed.


Since time is meaning, narration portraits a time in space. 
To compress or dilate time describe what’s being portrayed in more or less detail. 


Tough love.
“It’s for your own good”. 


We are not empty.


Universities so you focus on the specific important parts they tell you to think about. 


You either embrace the shadow, or you don’t. 


Shadow as mass phenomenon a new, since the fixations are centralized and institutional. 


The shadow is supposed to torment you. 


Things flow when improvising. 
The appearance of the internet wasn’t taken into account. 


Virtual spaces for infinite possibilities. The one way through.


Parental figures become monsters,
so we look up at the sky daddy.


The Christian God is not more than a parental figure. 


En la mesa no se habla de economía, política ni religión. 


Nos anclan en el tiempo cuando buscan ganar tiempo. 


Even when I don’t know what I say, I know what I mean


What repeats is not a moment, but a cycle of meaning throught time.
When the cycle breaks, it’s a new start for meaning.


There’s breakdown after every build up.


“This isn’t me, I’m not mechanical” – MM.


Fear becomes you only after fear of becoming. 


“I hate before I am” – MM.
Hate comes after realising what fear is all about. 


Worse the reasoning,  obsolete is the teacher. 


Repression as a sign of a previous success in manipulation. 


The left hand of God
33 He will put the sheep on his right and the goats on his left.
41 “Then he will say to those on his left, ‘Depart from me, you who are cursed, into the eternal fire prepared for the devil and his angels. 42 For I was hungry and you gave me nothing to eat, I was thirsty and you gave me nothing to drink, 43 I was a stranger and you did not invite me in, I needed clothes and you did not clothe me, I was sick and in prison and you did not look after me.’
44 “They also will answer, ‘Lord, when did we see you hungry or thirsty or a stranger or needing clothes or sick or in prison, and did not help you?’
45 “He will reply, ‘Truly I tell you, whatever you did not do for one of the least of these, you did not do for me.’
46 “Then they will go away to eternal punishment, but the righteous to eternal life.”


“Converting lefties was practiced in public school as well in my day (1950’s & 60’s)”.


Only one thing can kill us. 
Whatever poison you choose, death will remain uncertain. 


The left, the goat, and the Devil. 






Redheads made pacts with the Devil in Christian Europe. 


Look how majestic This is; how Divine. 
In despair, you come back to It. 
 
Life is suffering, if that’s been decided for you
Carry your own cross, or just drop it


The original Sin doesn’t start at birth, but at bautism. 


Suffering in the flesh to go straight to Heaven. 


https://activechristianity.org/suffer-in-the-flesh-and-cease-from-sin-the-meaning-of-1-peter-41
“… is only through suffering in the flesh that we can cease from sin.”
“It was in this human flesh and blood that He was found obedient to the point of death. And He learned this obedience by the things which He suffered.”
“Now it is our turn to suffer in the flesh, so that we can cease from sin.”
“… just like Jesus, we have to cry out for help. We too have to learn obedience through these sufferings (that is, when we suffer in the flesh).”
“When these desires are denied, it hurts. This is what it means to suffer in the flesh.”


Tough love:
Deny your desires and passions and be miserable. 
Then, maybe, you won’t go to Hell.


Learning and improving the ways of language is learning and improving the ways of perception. 


Universities are to get you useful. 


Systematic education is for all the same mold. 


Internet needs no centralized, standarized, education. 


La norma social es imposible de encontrar. 


Class as time encapsulated:
Don’t talk
Don’t eat
Don’t play
Don’t joke
Don’t draw
Don’t drink
Don’t think
Don’t distract
Don’t imagine 
 
Focus, listen and be quiet; both to lose yourself and to find your self. 
Obey, just to sustain other people’s stories. 


Teachers are supposed to be excentric.


North should be Truth. 


Can sound be remembered and imagined?


Imagination as what’s generated within. 
From the Source.
Through Nous. 


The sequels of the laic conversion are expressed in the names of new mental disorders. 
Call it demon, exorcise it, and go back with the God of the righteous. 


The righteous believes, it’s 
desobedience, the root of all evil; 
obedience, the root of all good;
law, the only way to judge;
punishment, the only possible sentence.


The righteous gives away the panic, and sells the pill. 


Toda distracción forma parte de otra distracción mayor.
Todo sistema forma parte de otro sistema mayor. 


God’s image is a flag. 


Sundays don’t need your attendance. 
Even your homes are taken. 


Pop politics are about minimising things until they are forgotten. 


Could it be broken beyond repair?


Creativity is what’s natural in us; voluntary projection, what was taken from us. 
We are all representations of God, as creator. 


Hard times for hard rebels kill all purpose. 


Every thing I name becomes strange in nature. 


Classes against subversion. 


Watched and distrusted by your own. 


Generosity is not about giving everything you own, but about sharing everything you are wise enough to know that you don’t need. 


The game of curiosity.
Siempre con cuadernos y plumas.


There’s no way to walk straight when the soul is consumed. 


For some, prohibition is the solution to every problem. 
For all, prohibition is the only problem. α&Ω.


Unfair is someone else making decisions for you. 


It’s not in our nature to fight strangers. 


Religion is the personal relationship with what’s beyond any rational explanation. 
Why is there’s something instead of nothing?
What are we?


Organised religion as mechanical, unnatural, imposed. 


Compressing time is signifying detail. 
We signify our experience. 
We are significants. 


Every genius is first a free thinker. 


Secrets remain secrets as long as they are not shared. 


Hopeless, look at a bright future. Know death is certain. 


Pavlov’s humans. 
“...the acquisition of phobia as a case of classical conditioning.”


It is a myth that repetition is needed. 


There is no need. 


There’s good when there’s sanity. 
There’s bad when there’s insanity. 


Stress and dopamine is how you make an animal, mechanical. 


Fear is the only thing that makes you mad. 


La única ley divina es la de la naturaleza porque es inviolable. 


El desprecio por la vida se refleja. 


A prediction about the future can only be proven in the future, so by the time it is made, it is neither true or false. 


Be careful of being, and gain fear of becoming. 


What would you do wrong when you know what’s right?


 
El cariño es de otras épocas.


Time is circular because it is cyclic in meaning, and meaning is the only way we perceive time. 


First the Thing is. 
Then, It is perceived,. 
Then, perception is interpreted. 
Experience is, as a result. 


Only things that are recognised can be perceived. 
All that is recognised can be interpreted.


Interpretation as deducing meaning. The act of meaning. 
Words and actions are meant. 


Teaching ourselves through self exploration.
Writing, drawing and meditating as ways of showing ourselves something we didn’t yet know.


Feeel nothing when nothing is happening. 


History is only understood through old beliefs. 


Investigation as finding plots in history. 


The plot repeats itself in time. 


Time is always curved. 


Catastasis comes right before the clímax. 


Rhapsodomancy as an arbitrary way of signifying time. 


Meaning is not enclosed by words and symbols; it’s enzoned. 
What’s enzoned has no clear limits. No rigidity. 


A word enzoned by different disciplines, means different things. 


The only social norm that exists is the institutional norm. 
No social norm outside the institution. 


Fear of becoming is the fear of an altered state. 


Altered states of consciousness make what’s real, obvious. 


Waldorf books
https://waldorflibrary.org


https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/smashing-the-brainblocks/201511/7-things-you-need-know-about-fear
Heroism is proportional to fear, not risk. An action where the risk is not taken into account is not heroic, but fearless. 


Fear ain’t part of being. 
Being is apart from fear. 


Sociology as the study of patterns in social behaviour through history; through order and change. 


The Universe is vibration, therefore produces sound. 
Sound is apart from us; it’s before and after us, as every thing that is real. 


A drained spirit dismantles even your posture. 


A philosopher’s thought is neither good or bad .  Knowledge is the only thing that is good itself by itself. 


“Brainwashing” is just a fancy word for confusing. 


Conversion implies brainwashing. 


Organised religion insists on existing even after being proven harmful, because harmful is its purpose: suffer in the flesh so you can go to Heaven. 


Religious thinking is not “up, down, back and forth”; it includes every dimension. 


Meaning is what degenerates. 


Degeneration is away from origin. 
Originals degenerate. 


To comprehend is to integrate. 


Every representation comprehends another one. 


There are other ways to write the same things. 


Reinterpreting the past changes nothing. 


Every word says something. 


True religion is private; It’s not owned by strangers. 


Libertad de creer en los supuestos que rigen nuestra conducta y nuestra realidad. 


Deny yourself. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Know_thyself


Thinking in words takes more time. 


Family remains constant across time. 


Triggered to make other people suffer. Yet we try not to. 


Fright is not wired; it’s conditioned. 


A language that is dead is a language that got killed. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lists_of_extinct_languages


Logos is the way of meaning. 


Every thought is strange when perceived present is experienced. 


Present as a point in time and space that is here and now. 


Presence as perceiving and experiencing what is present. 


Whenever I think about death, there’s something telling me that I’m dying. 


Prayer connects to a timeless, spaceless dimension.
Prayer as an experience of connection with the eternal. 


Used to power games, we called them politics. 


Dreams are riddles. 
Interpretations end when interpreting ends. 


Personal stories can’t differentiate themselves from fiction.


Religion is private, not secret. 


We are all different. 


Meaning’s limits aren’t specific. There’s no real correspondence between synonyms. 


Unconventional behaviour is just that, unconventional. 
What is conventional, is institutional. 


This is a left hand path. 


What theology discovers is believed forever, since it’s about divine laws and the word of God. Immutable, unchangeable, eternal. 


Church and State fought to take care of our primary education. How kind of them.


Duty is never a priority since it’s always strange, always imposed. Sense of duty is conditioned. 


Matter of Rome;
Matter of France;
Matter of Britain. 


Different things need different measures. 


No need to think things twice. 
  
Translation is to get new thoughts. Any existing idea could be owned. 


My brain still processes when I’m not aware. 


I’ve lost all my rituals.


Beneath fear there’s always anger; not the other way around. 


Editing is to make sense of what has already been created. 


Only the body can can be restrained. 


“How do I know…?” is both the question for knowledge and fear of becoming. 


Spirit as the being in motion. 


Spirit is existence in motion. 


Every system plays a part in a bigger system. 


A cold shower and what’s real comes back. 


This is what I fight with: a big spirit, being in motion. 


Anima es la fuerza vital.


Knowledge as the only thing that is good itself by itself. 


Frightening images are plain images. 


No quiero ni lo bueno ni lo malo. 


Meaning is not outside of ourselves. 


Once reborn, you’re not longer the son of your father. 


To think, has a purpose. 


No puedo tomarlo como algo más que arte.. 


https://streetretreat2012.wordpress.com/2014/03/05/there-is-only-one-good-knowledge-and-one-evil-ignorance-socrates/


Walking with your eyes closed at constant pace. 


Religion is the search for what is true beyond probability.


Religions are supposed to get you enlightened, not dumb.