#Godhead
I know I make mistakes just as Godhead mistook himself with God. 
But one day, the mask came out. 
The truth was revealed.
Godhead can be any person with divine intellect, so any person whatsoever as long as this power is recognized. 
God, on the other hand, is the first of all godheads. 
He is the ultimate godhead. 
He is mind made matter. 
Godhead can always understand God's nature but never be the ultimate God. 
It is a zero but not the Zero that contains all other zeroes.
The mask comes out and reveals the truth because now you see with true eyes. 
It is through the incarnations that you as an I reveal what’s in front of you. 
If you are a specialist, you'll see reality through that lens. 
With no mask at all, you only see the way. 
The way being the ultimate truth, because it is the potency in which all other things exist. 
It is the tool that through time will reveal every other truth.

The all-encompassing being was at the beginning.
The One Self. 

Every system is a part of an even bigger system. 
Just like in every zero, that is hermetic and complete, there are more zeroes, as well hermetic and complete.
In this paradox lies the true complexity of our universe.
Every unity is complete in its own self-contained existence, reflecting an infinite interconnection in the cosmic order.

Zero being the neutral point between two equal quantities.
Zero is the point in which values cancel each other out.
A zero within a zero is a nested structure.
Smaller entities mirror the properties of the whole while maintaining their own integrity.
A sentence is complete within itself. 
Yet a paragraph is complete within itself, making the sentence a part of it. Yet, they are both complete. 
It is a positive that could be cancelled out by its own opposite. 
It means that a chair is a chair and at the same time all but what that chair is not. 
It is both the +vacuum (or void) - the chair and + the chair -vacuum (or void).
Each thing is whole within itself.
But everything in itself is part of a larger whole. 
Until you reach the wholeness of all things, in which all other things whole are contained. 
The Universe is one (uni) but how many universes are within this one? If I am Godhead and can create any universe I want, being it fiction is only fiction because I’m not God, not because that universe doesn't exist. 
It is not reality. 
But it is a godhead creation by faith, the creative force of God. 
How can something that is a universe, uni-verse, one verse, be more than one verse? 
It is because there is completeness and completeness that includes previous completeness. 
Every individual is hermetic, yet there is an individual that includes us all.
I am an individual. 
I am complete. 
I don’t find God outside myself. 
Every memory I think I have is mine, even when I recall the thoughts or sayings of others. 
Solipsism is what it may be called. 
But that doesn’t mean nothing outside of me is real, it means that knowledge can't exist outside oneself. 
That you are trapped within yourself and you need to figure out a way to realize this. 
Once this is realized, your godhead condition is achieved. 
Spiritual awakening is realized. 
You are now as God, if not God itself. 
For you there will be no difference in experience, even though things happening to you will make you realize the other. 
The other is what is not me. 
The -1 if me is the only thing that there is, the +1. 
For me, I'm the only thing that exists. 
The more we grow, the more we acknowledge the other. 
My father goes out of the room when I’m a baby, and he ceases to exist. 
My father is dead now that I'm creator, and it is still alive within me. 
Now and for all eternity. 
Godhead makes past, present, and future one and the same.

Evolution is what the things of the world lead towards. 
The unavoidable is what is natural and very much desired.
An element composed like an octopus, from the center reaching with multiple arms different branches. 
A tree in which a seed and the center and the thing below are all and the same. 
And the branches spread and grow higher closer to all things above. 
What do I have to change to reach the sun. 
Elevate so high so that you may burn like Pegasus.
When you burn like Pegasus, you become the sun. 
It is necessary for you to reach out and up, only for you to realize that within and at its core, there is a sun as well, and that things that were revolving around you. 
You are the center of your own existence. 
The universe exists because you exist.

No human shields reveal deeper truths than art and science. 
Art and science reveal deeper truths because art is in the ways and science in which that is considered proof of existence. 
Within in the spiritual realm, these are the ways in which a belief is made. 
A thought that is made true for our psyche. 
Human shields are what we quote. 
When we speak in the name of another. 
We have personal claims disguised as the words of others. 
We speak philosophically only through other philosophers' words. 
That will never make us philosophers, but philosopher quoters. 
We need to acknowledge that at the instant we believe the words of others, and those words transform us, they are now our words because we made them ours, and we no longer need to claim what they said as their words. 
It is time to speak for ourselves.
No one's ideas will spare you the discomfort of believing your own beliefs.
Science is nested in religion, since it is the belief that proof holds significance, but mythical thinking has its roots before any thesis.
We didn’t invent electricity. 
Electricity exists before us and it is in us. 
We are electric. 
Humankind is a continuum with accumulative knowledge. 
New people are born every day and new people go through the full process of ignorance, confusion and, for some, there's clarity. 
Clarity involves acknowledging, recognizing, and accepting.
Without words you possess nothing: no clarity, no confusion. 
Only ignorance remains, that in being a total absence, not something that you possess. 
Words are living, move things forward. 
Words need to be incarnated. 
They are useless unless believed enough to transform you.
The experience of words can only be comprehended and transmitted through words. 
You have to choose your words. So ask the tough questions. 
What life, death, and humanity are. Where we come from, and whom you can believe.
Get the tough answers. 
Be still and watch. 
There's nothing to be scared of. 
Faith is believing without proof, so that nothing remains unexplained. It signifies the creative force of our psyches, usable for our advantage, once recognized.
You know nothing but entertain all ideas.
Nothing happens just because you don't resolve an issue.
Expecting nothing includes both waiting contemplatively and moving, taking action.
There is only one way of expecting nothing, and yet it can move us in two opposite directions.  
You're going to save the world or kill yourself first thing in the morning. 
They are living because they are always changing, the meaning they have changes and also they evolve, as meaning evolves the words adapt and new are generated. 
Complex and diverse languages come from the same roots. 
They transform us as we transform them in a symbiotic process. 
Us changing changes them, and them changing changes us. 
Words are what stay here when people die. 
Language though needs no words necessarily as vehicles. 
Can be more than that nowadays when there are registers of the non-word. 
Better said, there are words yet undiscovered/uninvented, but what they happen to describe is already there. 
There are words that are not yet their time.
There is no effort behind contemplation and no effort in action, it should be effortless. 
Nothing should be expected from an act, nothing should be expected from contemplating. 
Whatever happens, we take. 
We wait for contemplation to show us what we are supposed to be seeing. 
We act for destiny to show us what prophecy we are supposed to fulfil. 
We act for the sake of acting and we contemplate for the sake of acting. 
Meditating is an act and an end within itself. 
The side in which acts fall is not up to us when we expect nothing.

Get used to extract information from every piece of imaginary.
Believe in every frame you see.
Describe it.

Pay attention to how to write it beautifully. 
Aesthetically pleasing, poetic, delights us in sound, moving through myth rather than logic.
Beautiful, all it has to be.
Every time you don't know what to say you'll find yourself writing it down with no difficulty in a matter of months, weeks, days, hours or minutes. 
It is a matter of time.
Myth is food for the mind. 
We feel richer the richer we feed. 
We feed not with abstract smart ideas. 
We feed with imaginary that make our dreams more vivid. 
The images that cause the most impact on our psyche are the ones that are the most beautiful. 
When things don't make sense, they don't cause an impact nor imprint. 
The incongruences get discarded. 
The beautiful stays with you. 
It is not important what is being said, but the impact it causes. 
It doesn't need to be logical, it needs to be pretty.

Bad and well-being are inwards states and not outwards. 
Unaffected by external circumstances, determined by a moving or immovable spot, within. 
Just as such, enemies are inwards and not outwards. 
A strong man, aggressive, ferocious, courageous, passional, it's only good in spite of all of this. 
There is no evil people but the evil people worship.
Ceasing to act means ceasing to be, and worshipped things are what move us.
Because tragedy is not bad in itself. 
There is a need for intent behind the act. 
And the need for intent behind the act is not in the act itself, but in the things people praise that made them act this way. 
Personal philosophy will make you have a philosophy of good and evil and that philosophy and what you worship and what you reject will determine what you do, and evil acts will be a consequence of the destructive energies you put higher than the creative force. 
Good and evil can be equated with creative and destructive, since there is no need to destroy for you to create. 
Richer societies are made with riches being made, not distributed or destroyed.

There is no need for nothing, not even the body. 
It is temporary and here for no purpose.
Honour and respect don't last forever. 
Along with my body, they cease. 
Death transcends us, leaving what remains to be figured out.

An invincible fighter will always go back to the surface. 
He just fakes death by dying only ritually or in spirit, and spirit can never be truly dead, leading into an eventual awakening. 
The need for a reset arises whenever the old skin seems inadequate for what's to come, preparing fo the worst while expecting nothing. 
The cycle begins again. 
There is a new chance now to make things right with better preparation.
There's a breakdown after every build up. 

Ghosts journey through short loops in which they die at the same instance shortly after being born or the cycle restarted.
The state in which they die and the state in which they are reborn differ in nothing. 
Its a perpetual cycle where no sensibility is changed, no revolution occurs. 
No transformation occurs. 
Scars mark ghosts in such a way that they cannot see the remedy in the wound.
We can incarnate a spirit that is a ghost. 
We can be so wounded that our predetermined responses to everything will be the same, and we will be so limited in our options that we'll believe that we are conditioned by things outside ourselves, when in reality it is just us. 
There will never happen this moment in which our condition improves, or we improve, because we'll be stagnant in the same spot. Nothing will change in us so nothing will change outside. 
The way I see my mother doesn't change so I'll keep finding my mother everywhere I go, in spirit.
Ghosts are never dying spirits. 
If we put that spirit to death, then we could come alive once again, renewed, and the mind wouldn't show the same limited options again. 
The patterns would be broken.

She was a masterpiece, pursued by the Templars. 
Represents the ideal woman, not God.
It is in the image of the rose, and the pink dream, that the Templars swear to live by.
The codes of protecting and going to war against everything that goes against this is because God cannot be represented. 
And since God is all, it would be contaminated with everything that is horrible and impure. 
The true feminine, the pure other that men will never be, is then for men the most valuable thing, that needs to be protected at all costs. 
The true feminine is not the spiritual ideal, but the spiritual ideal of men will be developed in relation to it. 
Strength then will be a virtue, courage will be a virtue. The feminine will be drawn to it. 
The masculine will be melted by it.

A warrior feeling concerned lets you pass. 
You have to be brave to be an artist or a philosopher. 
Always in the dark thought, that void that causes our thirst. 
We are terrified of it. 
With enough reasons. 
It can liberate you, or you can get lost in it.
Do not go gentle into that good night. 
There are horrors in the unexplored but you cannot help but explore it, whether you like it or not. 
There are experiences in your life that will reveal the horrors, the true nature of malevolence, and you need to be well-equipped. 
You need to be prepared to go into the depths because in the absence of meaning, you'll need to fill the void. 
Just as in the wound is the remedy, in the fear lies liberation.

Death decided to go to his address and steal all they could carry from him.
Death will take away everything you consider of value. 
Nothing goes with you to the other side, except what becomes part of your soul.

Who would hear a mouthless cunt. 
Life. 
Life’s too short to be understood
i at times assumed that the next sentecnce was always the most important one
.
.
No transformation occurs.
theywontjustdoittogetclosertoyou
.