Hacer la nota


Don't let loneliness drive you back to toxic people.


Lo mas importante del personaje principal es la personalidad.


Accurate silences.


Finding things that are funny were the first creative attempts.


La decadencia.


"I can still hear it", a musician after losing audition.


The big problem is not wanting to change. Holding to the inmutable, permanent. Let everything go, try to die and see that you don't. Try to think and see when you don't. Let everything dissolve into this big dream that is your life. A part of it all, the collective consciousness and the universe.


I do not feel like laughing when I drink.


Many times abusers were called friends.


Is there a thing I cannot write about? Which one is it? Would you mind telling me?


Am I the first one? Was she? Was he?


I hope no one understand shit of many of my lines and make up the meaning.


People love to not interpret. They'd like to respond.


How would you teach those who do not want to listen.


Give the man, the tool.
#software


I want to have it all to be kind, because for shitless shit I do not care or feel need.


Mindless scrolling.


They are all competing por attention.


Included? Who's included in where? We are all far far apart. Be the best version of yourself to attract whatever is best for you. You do not want what everyone has and do not want what everyone wants.


The world would be a lesser place without your contribution.


Peasants don't go to hell. The clueless. The naive.


Demons incarnated want everyone to experience hell as they do.


Transmiting trauma is traspassing demons.


Subtle energies become not so subtle when alone and in silence.


Democracy stopped delivering results.


Write only revelation.


Red dinámica de puntos significativos. Historias.


Symbology is replica. Reality is replica. Symbology is real.


When no positive emotion arises, I recurr to playing songs. Results 100% if meant.


What my music causes me I'd like to share with others. Even if a bit of it resonates, the work was done right.


I do not find anything special in my songs until I recognise that they do not exist anywhere else.


If I ever lose my voice I could extract old voice messages to communicate.


You can't hold anger. It is poison.


Quien mejor maestro que uno mismo para aprender sobre uno mismo o cualquier otra cosa. El enseñante no puede aprender por vos.


Meditation is teaching myself stuff.


Memory requires comprehension. The position of the body can be rehearsed with the mind. This applies to every technique.


I do not differentiate sources when absorbing information. Everything is talking and I'm the one listening.


You don't just have or not have the voice in your head. You produce it. You can even make it sound whatever.


Do not neglect the development and refinment of the mind.


Tengo que leer a Escohotado para absorber su espíritu antes de salir a hacerle frente al mundo como el hizo.


No tengo razones para celebrar todo todo el tiempo.


Every script aims towards conclusion.


El cero siempre cambia. Ceros el nombre perfecto.


Networking. Done. The ball rolling.


Eventos requieren organización.


Death is exciting. Because in death lies the mystery of life.


Lleva tiempo y evolución encajar a la percepción con el espíritu.


The study of being is of that which is or that which exists.


Andromeda.


They don't care and that's a good thing.


You need no input to exist.


Música por todos lados. 


"Un día, la realidad decidió existir" es una visión muy pobre.


Chance favors the present mind. The prepared (for the unprepared) mind.


Primero me identifique con una palabra, después fui redefiniendo la palabra y me degenere a mí identificación.
Error decir que podes ser lo que quieras.


Ordinary men. Robert Brownie.


Movements eat themselves.


The bottomless pit.


You inspire people who you don't realise, sees you.


Becoming a philosopher just by being your true self on paper.
Personality expresses here in the writings. 


What I wrote is what I wrote. How clear this is, can't tell.


Jesus was once the king of kings.


Start the work of being your own best friend.


Amor fati.


You know what existence is because your can't make it stop.


When scared, things move towards you in your dreams. 


I’ll enjoy the trip without writing. 


90 seconds it takes to dissolve an emotion.


Emotional intelligence carries trauma.


"How to do the work".


After dissociation, presence/mind. I can listen to my mental music. I can see my mental images. All like a TV, as I do something else. As something else happens in reality, also happens in mind, and I am aware of both, and participate in both. 


All I have to do is pay attention to what I’m writing. If I’d write nonstop until I’m dead, who knows how many more lines and pages I could write. 


I still have the document I lost in the back of my head, bothering me. 


Focus on the inputs, the outputs are inevitable. 


Make your head vibrate to balance your ears. 


I am. 


Navigate unborn spirits into this planet. 


Me hallo extraño allí donde voy.


Ice baths for deep sense.


"We don't change because we don't want to. Simple." 


Toxic when your insecurities control your behaviour and when you are being unfair.


That which you bury will rot.


Filósofo político es cualquiera que piense en cómo podría organizarse la vida en sociedad.


Cada vez que hay un back up, los documentos han sido editados. En años, los capítulos irán tomando forma.


I'm going to do it myself.


Reordenar párrafos es constante.


Teléfono para corregir errores ortográficos. Computadora para compilar. Cuaderno para escribir.


Only smoke when not doing something else. 


Soñe con Cami Lobbosco. La veía en la ruta libro a un montón de gente que esperaban ahí. Yo volvía no se de donde. Había habido un evento nacional. La salude desde la caja de la camioneta a ella específicamente. Alrededor había un montón de gente que de a poco empezaban a saludarme. A medida que los reconocía, los iba saludando y me iba poniendo contento. La camioneta no frenó, y quedé pensando en Cami. 
Todos los gualeyos que estaban ahí habían ido a competir me parece, pero estaba todo el mundo.
-
Antes, un helicóptero miraba la casona de dónde estábamos. Realmente la casa era enorme. 
-
Nos quedamos colgados de un borde para evitar al dragón que venía, de todas formas el dragón a pesar de ser inmenso era inofensivo y una de las mujeres que estaba conmigo lo llevaba. Le tiré un pedacito de banana para que comiera pero lo pasó de largo.


Fumo para tener la compulsión a flor de piel y competir con ella.


If I could say something to myself in the past, i'd say do not walk that path. There's joy in what's right.


I just wanted a bit of peace of mind. She wouldn't even give me that.


Zombies. Cover on Spotify. Left 4 dead 2. Army of the Dead. All on the same day. Thematic day.
"The cave you fear to enter holds the secret you seek." JC.


Atraemos la historia del personaje que nos contamos.


Put your thoughts into action. To do so, have the best thoughts you can have.


Waiting until you are certain makes you shrink.


Fit the universe into your body.


Don't you think that if we are subject to auditive hallucination we can also produce our own sounds? I think with my voice. With other voices. With our without effect. Noise, harmony, music.


Think of the right song for the right moment. There's no song that can make company of what's going on. Music is esoteric but builds upon the exoteric. It could, at least.


((Pulse))


Clean and exercise to start the day.


If you don't write you won't ever think properly.


You wake up when you're too tired to keep running.


"Por qué siempre buscáis que otros os respondan vuestras preguntas?".


"Tengo que hacer esto" tiene un peso en mi mente. Pero yo soy pre lenguaje. Podría decirme todo lo que tengo qué, sin drenarme, sin dudas.


There is a place for counter culture.


We don't seem to realise how connected extremes are.


The people who are in the power structures see themselves as rebellious.


The top moves towards the bottom.


Victimhood becomes sacralized and becomes a way to power in itself.


What's creative? What makes something out of nothing.


You can dream with the true nature of time.


Tiempo presente. Cron.


The turtle is always going to get further.


The thing about things being what they are is that you could always act differently. Therefore, influence all results. 


I'm capable of leaving an empty mind. 


Mi cabeza es MTv. La mayor influencia de mí infancia y lo que desperto mi creatividad.


La llamada despertó mi miedo, y entonces mi meditación. Mis sueños despertaron mí tristeza. Mis sueños despertaron mi realización de la muerte. Los power rangers despertaron mi meditación sobre el mal. 
Cada vez que apareció una sensación, la siguio una meditación.  


Medito desde que tengo uso de razón. 


Con la meditación siento ganas de conocerme. De nuevo.


Medito desde antes de tener uso de razón.


Nací en una meditación.


Meditando puedo recordar sin esfuerzo. Recuerdo el club de la pelea, porque lo disfruto.


A veces es triste cuando cambian de conversación porque la estaba disfrutando. A veces. Pero puedo desviarme (apartarme del camino) y quedarme pensando lo que yo quiera.


Es cuestión de prioridades.


The masturbatter.


El Camino es una misma visión.


Clave para desarrollar la historia es el préstamo. La deuda. Kvothe.


The only troubles I've ever had were inner.


Boredom is not what's happening outside. It is what's happening inside. Frustration as well.


Podras estar tan iluminado como para olvidar a tus padres?


Yo no podía escribir sin también generar un método.


Me gusta con la ventanilla izquierda abierta y la derecha cerrada.


No importa que escohotado ya haya muerto. Todavía puedo aprender mucho de él.


Todo lo que pienso me parece importante. No para el mundo pero para mí. Es otra revelación ganada.


Otra vez volví a entrenar y otra vez volví a escribir.


Si pierdo todo lo que escribí podría cortarme un huevo. O arrancar por otro lado.


I see my cells moving and healing.


Lo más jodido de la meditación es creer que no la necesitas.


Do what you have to do and find a way to enjoy it.


Las representaciones en tu mente pueden tener profundidad. Templo o icono.


Error es flashear que lo que pasa en tu mente te está pasando a vos.


In my mind I can mirror everything that is.


The mind is a mirror. The spirit, its substance. What is the substance of a reflection?


Music is the language of emotion.


You can only remember when the meditations started. Meditations are pre thought and have been doing it before I even knew my first word.


We should follow the argument wherever it leads. Socrates.


A singularity is a point from where everything else multiplicates.


Law of biogenesis.


The world does not matter within. It is a reflection. You can end it just as easily as you can think of it.


Being young I made unnecessary enemies. I couldn't tell if they are still resentful or not.


Against any political language.


For a movie, you have to set the rules of the game.


Infinite potency plus infinity potency gives you God.


You are always pre language, even after knowing so much.


We couldn't have known God without language.


Dreams have sound.


We can use the full potential of our minds only when our body is asleep.


La gente no suele percibir el sendero por el que transita.


La armadura no puede protegerte de la pena.


Soy feliz simplemente por ser una persona.


After finding something out comes this sense of urgency, because "how is it, if everyone knows, that they are not doing something about it and instead wasting their time and their lives". Then you realise that there is no use for desperation. 


I know I am a good musician because I can express music. Or express myself musically. 


 Do not succumb to irrational beliefs.


Distorted consciousness makes you feel bad for things that aren't not right.


You can have a clean consciousness for doing bad things and a dirty consciousness for doing good things.


On weed you easily dream awake.


Surrounded by friends I cannot help but learn nothing. Solitude is the best to dream awake and to write through revelation. Ordinary life can't help but interrupt one's thoughts.


"Me encanta la polenta" dijo una vez, y la madre le dio de comer todos los siguientes dias a partir de ahi. Años hace que le dejo de gustar.


La forma del tiempo es Fibonacci. Un ciclo que nunca vuelve a su punto original, pero se repite. A not equal A.


Que alguien te diga cómo una gracias lo que otros dicen de vos es de mala leche.


Self fulfilling prophecies.


Internal life.


We have a superstitious view of the self.


Names are purpose driven.


Names are teleological.


Everything that has a name is named out of purpose.


The cosmos has mechanical means.


You tell people that you love how to avoid the road to hell. JBP.


Hell is right here, as Heaven is. 


Lineal y cíclico es Fibonacci. Irrepetible. 


I cannot claim I hold the truth. I just claim to know my words are mine, and mine only. And to find sense and purpose for and in them, I shall keep writing.


Human intelligence is at its best when it does not know. Not knowing requires a recognition of not knowing.


Identify with your ignorance, not with your knowledge.


Tengo un problema con aquellos que se dirigen al común de la gente como si fueran idiotas. 


Philosophers shall be kings.


I should learn how to fight.


I had to deal with a lot of problems alone as a child.


Promoting diversity through division.


Profundidad infinita de sus recuerdos.


Cuando estoy aburrido es porque no encuentro mí voz, pero siempre está ahí para mí.


Leer es hablarte a vos mismo para escuchar lo que te decís. Con tu voz.


Leer es escuchar, no mirar palabras.


Sin verdad no hay arte cabal.


To know something is to know its sufficient reason.


Myth is not prehistory but timeless reality. Junger.


One playlist for each attitude. The attitude of the songs.


When you have something to say, silence is a lie.


No man was ever wise by chance.


You can be ahead of the future.


You never see the same film twice. You always see new things in the same film.


Don't talk with public people about what made them public. They are sick of it.


Horror and dark secrets get along.


My thing could be eerie horror.


En la tele veía las mismas películas múltiples veces.


¿Cada cuánto tiempo tenés un pensamiento original?


Cuentos cortos. Concursos de escritura.


My heart pumps oil.


Horror turns white, into black.


Weed to actually enjoy being still if you are not used to.


Estupido es sentir pena por las decisiones de los demás. Es cierto que otras circunstancias podrían haber cambiado las decisiones, es lo lógico. Pero quién es dueño de las circunstancias más que la realidad.


Escribo sobre lo que me molesta.


Circunstancias es donde se mueve uno en su eterna toma de decisiones. Ninguna circunstancia las determina, más bien las pone en jaque.


God is grey. And cold.


Overall I won't remember me story. Overall is the only thing I can remember. Remembering is a creative process. That is what tells us finding no difference between memories and imagination.


Anyone could mistake boredom with suffering. Boredom is suffering.


50% de ser músico es aprender a tocar, el otro 50%, aprender a soltarse.


Amo la música porque amo el silencio. Lo primero que escuche que me hizo disfrutar de mis oídos. Yo no sabía que tenía oídos y si gritaban seguramente me los hubiera querido tapar. Bendito silencio.


My dreams are long.


Jesus went public. Defying authority.


Podés seguir los párrafos. El tema es que la podés cagar.




Con la marihuana se me despierta la creatividad.


Hacía rato no hacía eso de perseguirme con el pensamiento.


Play pretend. Mantra of creativity.


Tengo que transcribir mis propias grabaciones pero las de charlas, e incluirlas en mis ficciones.


Una chispa de luz.


No es sano juntarse con resentidos. Igual uno lo hace. Los siente amigos.


La única realidad de la vida es la emoción.


You can play pretend.


Lo sabes todo y vivís para siempre.


Estamos en la vida para encontrar la verdad.


Mis pensamientos y mis emociones pueden despegarse.


The next meaningful day is what matters in movies. You do not care when it happened. You care about what happened.


Me gustan las películas porque puedo mirar a otras personas.


Multiple points at the same time. Multiple big bangs occurring. Simultaneously. If God is infinite that would be the case.


Nunca te vas a ganar el respeto de alguien que cree que se las sabe todas.


How can I make my voice louder?