QUADRANT
hostilidad hacia la religion


incomprension (involuntaria e inconsciente)
prejuicio (voluntario y consciente)
.
one spirit corrupts the other
prejuicio de negar todo lo que sobrepasa a cierto horizonte


supersticion del clasismo grecolatino
entusiasmo en vez de verdadero discernimiento te puede hacer perder el conocimiento (lo que de inconsciente pasa al consciente)


todo debe comenzar por el conocimiento
consciencia de los principios
existo
soy real
soy inteligente
hay una verdad
hay una realidad
intelectual = espiritual
la era cientificista
pact with the devil to reach good
la unica verdad universal es la intelectualidad
vincit omnio veritas
autonomy/sharing/equality
just a worm
skills and values/central to a way of life
you cant choose to not play his game, they wont let you. so youll call it relaity
reality is what you are not free to quit. you might as well embrace it
play is not about granting wishes nor negotiating. play you can done alone
it is in play that we have the trace of what we were supposed to do
egalitarian ethos of culture
do i have to respond to the things that i said?


the exception means something else


the exception defines the rule
cooperation/close coordination: hunter gatherer/communism


examples do not prove a hypothesis. the exception does (prove the rule)


communities need to be bound emotionally. reject them
communist think people could fall for the same joke infinite times


theres a partial identification


talking about whats important to the collective is so stupid


communism wants common responsibility
pay for the things you havent done
they call it accountability
even if the philosophy is right, the reach to the people is beyond corrupt
el cuervo que se cree un aguila
improve upon the arguments given by adults
disciplined aceptance of frequent hardships which complaints would only aggravate


one speaking for many is the first of mistakes. let everyone speak up for themselves
give everyone a voice


the continuum concept. jean liedloff
i laughed the loudest enjoying the relief
you dont retain the value of a thing. not the revival of ashes but perseverance of fire
every traditional culture has the calmness
they teach us how to live at peace
nervous systems superior to ours. ours may be fried
“nothing more appealing to a predator than a weeping, struggling creature, alone and unable to run away”
composure always keep things from getting worse
humor and pleasure in adversity
when reading, i communicate, dialogue with the author
play is essential in resilience
Coercive system of schooling
4
a brief history of education
learning is self directed and joyful
health first so you dont fear your own body. push its limits
peter gray knows what he means, but not what hes saying
everything that has ever happened: it must have been gradual. theres no other way for things occurrying
digging irrigation ditches to nurse plants through dry spells
harvesting and replanting of seeds or roots + animal domestication
altering ways of living altered our ways of thinking
steady food suply to not risk starvation
sturdy houses from predators and storms
enough with the confusing paragraphs
dont push back, but dont retreat
las ideas viejas encierran grandes verdades
trust the process of healing
what i do best is not doing what everyone else does
ive learned to regulate from others people’s reactions
no, es que nadie puede decirme nada. solo quien leyo mis escritos, todos.
this is specially true in this way of writing
PRIMER movimiento
it started with that i did not to be related to those people then you start analyzing to identify
no shame left. no room for shame. no good
una vez fui al cumple de la vale en buenos aires
las virgenes marias dañan desde otro lugar a la familia
just a word will take you out of here
sentences with a few missing words
discussions are not meant to be won but to be learned from
what makes you think that plausible = probable
se trata de pensar una nueva tradicion
llevarla lo mas lejos que se pueda y pasar la pelota
yo solo quiero comprar y vender cosas a gente de confianza
the black book is a book written by you. what does it contain? you cant know until you write it. what will you write on it? you wont know until you read what you wrote
a house is/should be hermetic in meaning, since it belongs to one person (or a communion of two)
piruetas psicologicas para hacerte sufrir
you dont know by the looks how fucked up someone is
say always what is true about things
con ella no se pude desordenar nada. everything remains ordenado
secure attachments
safety within themselves and the world
anxious and avoidance
cognitive dissonance
restricted emotional trauma
issue of temperament. biological part of personality
fathers frustrated by them
invalidating experience with the world
confidence parenting
disengaged parents
over and under indulgence
emotional world empoverished
not nourished
shamed for having emotions
self regulation
modeling
see things repeatedly. normalized. mirroring
difficult personality types
“when you are sad, mommy is sad”
making it all around them
difference between them and others
babysitting other people’s emotions
the flase self. parent’s need over their own
internazionalized parent
conditional parenting
they never said “i love you”
appropriate
“i love you when you win”
performs, wins
totality is one thing divided by itself
text adventure
statistics of a class
ritalin decoder
sloppy. how everything connects. then we’ll make it beautiful
what have items is a class
politics arent black and white
why do you push dolarization things always do go wrong, they can and they will. theres always free choice: not all is in you control
i’m still far away from knowing informatics. informatics are electric visions
why can i coexist with a headache
prices are constantly changing
give them time to think
novelty is when patterns are constantly changing
give them time to think
in the time they have to think, they do not use it
they do not want to think about all the regrets
la culpa viene del falso arrepentimiento
of course you are crazy. how else would you explain it
mad respect for far left and far right politics. we are all in it for liberation. the rights pursues a system, the left tries to break it. they want to bring dialectic throughout materialistic history
could chile be split in two
who needs to separate with breaks
not me nor everyone can save the one that wants not to be saved. the change starts with one
it is from the inside out
there are ways to organize a society. both right and left wing
there’s an english teacher of mine that killed herself
whos thoughts are 100% pretty
how do you play a game where you (...)
distraction is a sign of weed poison
focusing through distraction gives you peace. your attention is always there. you do not skip one bit
your attention is always drifting. it doesnt matter as long as you are aware of it
you isolate to recover strength
why do i desist from writting bigger things. i need no other than this place
para una persona, tener las escirituras de una casa es un monton. a place to fall dead if everything else fails
ill give one ice cube to my father
its just your nerves
things chnge when you dont sleep well. it doesnt matter if what you write is small or big. “BIGGER!!!” shouted my grandfather
anxiety is not genetics
he used the same things
the size of your letter is not just because of its economy of space
i was scared for the house to go dark
it is shameful to speak so loud. appearently. SPEAK LOUDER
it is not about the economy of time. they gave your letters a size with all those rulers and grids
letters are just a representation of meaning
el lenguaje es una cosa viva
it is not about the time it gets you to read a sentence. smaller takes less. what do you care so much about how i write.
all that clapping
writting should be enjoyable. every line. 
she didnt let him catch a break
letters can be smallered 
zoomed out
FUCK!
4 minutes a day, 40 secs at a time
there’s more paper
how much paper can one person consume
they do not want to cut
theres enough
ENOUGH
the discovery of the right word will set you free. 
why dont you trust what others tell you
if you would have heard, you would have end it soon enough
but first im an artist
BASTA
los empleados estarian de acuerdo
vivir de la guita que demanda la nacion
solo le meten la mano al que produce
para ponerse
se ponen muy facil de acuerdo
los periodistas qieren mostrar todo
ask yourself if its the right thing
why do you take so much pride in being a life ruiner
dont colonize
apasionado por la economia
order is of no importance
i know no one
ceden en todo lo “no importante”
asi se quedan sin alma
called by someone else
si se repitiera 
can you change code with excel transcations, sells.
ganarse la vida en el sector publico
i just go down one line
get the extemes and regulate. NOT TOO BIG. not too small but enough to make it enjoyable and efficient at the same time.
learn how to write
philosophers have access to new technologies
propers of this era
do not cut a thought when its not done
the thought has a length within itself
philosophers there are many, and they are all others.
kings are allowed outside of our authority
all politics is done outside of the law
whats the law
they are missing things
they want no guidance so we regulate ourselves
we have always lived within ourselves
weed for deep meditation
meditatio
a mixed between cursive and non cursive
should i be scared of tellling things to myself
i often find people harder to love than others
all romances are a story
you can make people claim to have a version of the book downloadable
stop with the dots and breaks
meditating is following the right order of things
you sometimes need to push some feelings back in order to get some clear headed
they compare spiritual with insane
follow the natural order of things. 
that, will never happen to you 
i wouldnt call him other than a piece in her fucked up story.
you do nto deserve the punishment
theres trauma bonding because they are traumatized individuals
a veces tiro cualquiera
he was redeeming his own emotions through his son
God dahm
hoy esta nublado y hace calor
la inteligencia por fuera de nosotros
i talk about myself and others as if we were the same
i leave no place for them
he never breaks a habit, unless its a healthy one
they say many things and distrust them so much
doing disgusting things with love is different
sometimes certain things have to be done and certain things overcome
does he know that there is pijas de carne and pijas de sangre?
i do not hate myself
no more than i do not hate others. why would i
how many hits can a pen take 
who cares how many times your letter change
metralleta
you drum on paper
you give texture to paper
paper shrinks and folds
experiment with writting
they did not like me for a reason
people aint stupid
people have their reasons
is it about control? or is it about freedom
teach to express excitement with music
changing colours of pens is like starting a whole different chapter
sin miedo a pensar
follow who’s rules to write
BASTA