Letra Esteban


Tiro de la cuerda no me puedo parar
Un latido gris con cada paso al caminar


El volumen es relativo.


Anxiety comes after a realization that we are never safe and always at risk of dying. So it's not our natural state.
You can always think back. But doing properly, that is done in the present moment.


Even just as a concept, God is the ultimate idea.
The idea that encloses all others. The Logos.


I choose what to capitalize.


I resent the people I can't see with love.


We just need each other to regulate ourselves.


Freedom, peace. The only way and the hardest.


Humiliation.
Peeing oneself in front of others.
Castration techniques.


He wanted him to become a priest.
Castrati.
Castrating women.
Matriarchy.


"No he vivido nada".


Tears won't stop coming out but I don't feel that I'm crying.


Every pattern you recognize is fractal.
It can be transposed. Smaller or bigger sizes of the same pattern.


Literal truths and allegorical truths.
Two kinds of truth.


Where's the juicy subject no one talks about.


Left and right are both sides of the fight for human liberation. The right acts accordingly to the imposed system. The left destroying the imposed system. Both opposite forces directed to the same goal.


You are either responsive or creative.


I get caught up in these dreams, but there's always an end to them. 
Every spiritual realization requires a fresh new start to live. 
Let every thing fall into place.


Me natural is not a beautiful thing.


I have a gift and is for me alone. The fight to see images in my mind that give me knowledge.


I'm going to find the joy in not doing what the body craves.


I don't want worldly commitments.


She need not be able to see with her eyes to know all that is alive. She feels everything, knows everything. A curse.
FB comment.


Un sacado respira profundo porque está intentando calmarse, no porque estar sacado ocasione ese síntoma. En el acting, tenerlo de referencia.
A drunk man pretends to be sober. Not a sober man pretends to be drunk. That actor.


Music is about choosing where the note will pose.
Tempo is not made up but discovered. Music is the logic of time.


What are real life stats?


Stain with yourself all of your music.


Watch a show and see how you could have done it differently.


Not everything that comes out of a genius's mouth is genius.


Will stay whoever wants to stay. Will leave whoever wants to leave.


Políticos y periodistas viven de nuestras desgracias.


Be the second that gives the first place to rise.
I care none for myself.


Todo esto es mi arte.


I saw nothing but good things in her.


If they don't talk from the heart I don't want to hear it.


Ivy.


Not cured are the ones that do not want to listen.


She lives only in my imagination.
She's nothing but a memory now.
She only had eyes for me.
You cannot lie to the eyes.
Looks don't lie.
You'll know if I like what I see.


This is my black book. Not the.


Un cheto que se sintió pobre y un pobre que toda la vida fue un cheto. Rechace kids valores que me fueron inculcados y por eso no pertenezco a ninguna parte.


I don't belong.
But neither do you.
You may just not know how lonely you are. And what we all have in common.
I point at me and by doing it, point to everyone else.


Things work out better if you have order.


Ordered characters vs chaotic characters.


I did nothing but think about her.
All eyes centered around the sun.
The first love, not just mine.


La gente desquiciada no es graciosa en el sentido de que si estuvieras en su lugar no te estarías riendo.


Carnada de olvidos is how I became my own god.
I interpret my art as much as any other.


There's a bright future awaiting us.


When I play a videogame, I only control my body.
Immersive is an illusion.


Immersion is our only illusion.


I make randomness my constant.


You aren't meant to be scattered. Get it together. Grasp a sense of unity. It's yours to recover.


Society is unpredictable.
No matter who claims to know it.


What a time to be alive if you love the theater of the absurd. D. Lynch.


A movie should start like a dream. Then tie the pieces together.


In the big cities you get to see people living their normal lives.
It's shocking how far away we are from living in the natural state. It's so artificial yet naturalized. I don't want to talk about the good and the bad of everything.
I want to talk about its logic.
It's mechanics.
You just write shit and sooner or later will be writing a novel.


Son procesos, dijo el julio.
Julio es sabio, I don't want to talk good or bad.


Awareness is higher now.


Collective awareness is waking up.


When you are a celebrity, everyone remembers.


Era linda, pero linda tranca.
I only saw goodness in her.


Hay un cambio de epoca. 


Construyo desde donde empiezo. Estribillo o verso, el orden da igual. 


Solitude is for freezing time. 
In society, time goes by differently. 


Ni tan buenos cuando ganamos ni tan malos cuando perdemos.


Seguir a pesar de los fracasos. 


Trabajar no es solo por el capital.
Hay que trabajar siempre mas. 


Mejor lectura del proceso decisorio de la politica.


La vida es aprendizaje.


Llegar temprano a todos los lugares.


A mucha gente le encantaria tener la creatividad para hacer las preguntas que me hago. 


Dejo el documento abierto solo para escribir. 


Hilario acaba de nacer. 


Guilt was for killing myself with no shame. 
Health to recover the pride of being alive and well.
Make breathing your drug. 
You need no more.


“I want it, but I don't need it”.


If I don't need it I don't want it.


Me gustan mucho mis canciones cuando las toco con el corazón.


Jesus walked towards death, not away from it.


Escritos son oráculos de recuerdos proféticos.


I knew how it worked beforehand but I couldn't hack it to avoid it. Fatalities of ignorance. There's some piece of knowledge lacking what will bring you peace and freedom.


El príncipe era confiado y valeroso como un león de melena. JC.


I now find bigger patterns. Relations between thoughts. 
Between my first half of life and my perception of it.


La coincidencia de los contratos. 
1-1=0


You know every episode that left marks on you.


Todo es negro. 
You shine light wherever you want.


Wanting is not something they do to you. Everything you have, you have it in abundance.


Treat her like a queen.


Treat them as queens.


Are you a queen or are you not.


You have fun in a non competitive way.


I want to lean on the pictorial art.


There's so much to imagine from drawings and static pictures.


In women lies all the women in the world.


"Para que veas que tus sueños con claridad".


Absurdo es lo que soy.


We all have hedonistic ideals.


Humans always move forward in knowledge. 
Technologies and sciences improve over time.
Brain patterning and nervous system is better known now by everyone than it was 100 years ago.


La rueda de la justicia muele lento pero muele fino.


Incontables veces me ha sucedido lo mismo.


Break every pattern.


Dejarse gratuitamente tomar por pelotudo es lo que te hace un pelotudo.


Between nothing and something, infinity.


Hedonista es que te deje de importar lo que está mal solo porque sabes que te vas a morir.


La muerte es un consuelo, pero no para la resignación sino para el sufrimiento. 
Tarde o temprano se acaba y nadie puede evitarlo.
La carne muere le pese a quien le pese.


Will it be a good or a bad memory for her? Then you know if it's good or bad. Good is good until infinity. Bad is bad until infinity.


Men and women aren't infinitely good nor bad. They are Gods so they are one and the other. What they choose to embrace, stays.


What does a liar after death.
He lies still.


Un romance como el de las películas.


Déspota en las conversaciones.


What I don't need I do not want.


I don't dislike the left. The left is necessary, as if, if not more, than the right. The right goes with the system. Order. The left moves against it. Chris. Between the two it's found balance. 


University fucked me up. Solitude put me back in.


You work with what you've got.


The feminine redemption.
The feminine ideal.


Tus ojos son dos luceros que iluminan mí camino.


Hey God, are you a Child or a Maiden.


God is the archetype of time.


Don't starve yourself from your own energy.
Get whatever comes from your body.


A woman on her knees on the eating a banana after coming back home from shopping groceries.


The feminine redemption goes through all the females in my life.


Do not look in isolation. Look at the whole.


To see the whole, name them.


Mental illness as a crisis to meaning.


No buscan sentido a la vida.


There's only sense of separation. There's only you in your self.


Individualistic and authoritarian. My rules the only rules that exist. Your rules the only rules that exist. Use only tradition to find the best rules to live by. Absorb what serves you, discard what does not. Tradition is more than a tool, is knowledge from the ancient, trasspassed.


A central heart. Third eye.


Insight as the place where opposites meet.


El costo de oportunidad es la contracara del precio. Es lo que pagas cuando hay un bloqueo en el mercado.


The shadow is all of ourselves that remains in the unconscious.


Densa porque ellos son densos. Denso porque ellos son densos. Densos porque otros ellos lo fueron.


-Tengo hambre.
-Bueno, aguantate.


Thoughts use human beings to evolve themselves.


"How Fascism Works: The Politics of Us and Them".


I'm a cat, a Greek god, and a black mother.


The reason they hate me - Daughters


Manson portrayed the black mother.


Un avestruz con plumas y máscara.


Love Is a cannibal.


Existen las leyes. Lo que no existen son los mandatos.


Thank you for not smoking.


I call everything God.


Getting paid for training? Sign me in.


Nos meten en estos bancos. Demasiado chicos para nosotros cuerpos.


The unconscious is autonomous but we know the answer. The problem of psychology is a paradox of time. You ask your unconscious questions that you yourself unswered. 


El campo y los cables.
Orgánico y eléctrico.


Conscious things can go back to the unconscious if repressed enough.


Life's about going back to the source. Coming Bethfrom a mother going into a mother. Coming from death, going into death.


Cumming in her clothes, sitting behind her in a tronco of a tree, that's floating in flood water.


Who the fucks.


Sitting at the table Jordan, Jung, Evola, Manson, Milei, Socrates, Escohotado and Jesus. I speak to them, as if they where the reunited to listen and talk back. 
Personal heroes.


Amigo, hermano y juguete para pasar horas enteras.


The hairs in my nose acts as a prism.


Hierarchies are not desired but natural and should be dynamic, not rigid. The constant of hierarchy should be change. Fuck your name and what you are in representation of.


Everything you've written is an account of oneself.


Nothing is perfect but unique.


Not more extreme but more random.


Fantasy is limitless imagination. Representation in imagery.


It's a representation. 
"As if I would be about to".


I feel it as if it was about to happen.


Media fugazzeta.
Media anchos.
Media Roquefort.
Media napolitana.


Chamamé.


Algo que gira va y vuelve.


If you get scared by the images of your own head, it is worse.


Malekko.


Everything is going to be alright.


El reloj es un péndulo. Va y viene. Viene pre y se va pos.


El eterno retorno. Lo que sube tiene que bajar. 


El principio y el fin son lo mismo. La nada.


Hay un tiempo para todo.


Un tiempo para dormir. Un tiempo para dejarse llevar. Un tiempo para divertirse. Un tiempo para disciplinarse. 


Es que me gustas no se cuánto.


Tiempo al tiempo.


Show the world the middle ground.


Wo-men.


Have you ever said a single word.


We'll pursue virtue on our own hands. Me on my dreams.


"The body is tougher than you think". Inner dream voice.


We continue our dreams evey time we resume a thought we previously interrupted.


The unconscious is autonomous.


There's nothing perverse about the nature of our existence.
Love.
New ways to love. 
Unconscious.
Collective.


Thought by association is the only thought that there is.
There are both fantasy thinking.


El mejor diván clínico es un colchón cuadrado sin almohada.


Un loco viene de atrás y lo mutila por atrás de la cabeza al que me había descubierto adentro ya había matado a dos soldados.
Me empieza a correr y lo cago a puñetes. El loco que venía hacía a mí me había descubierto. El que le cortó la cabeza de atrás, creo que con una moladora. En realidad venís a buscarme a mí.
Adentro, antes, alguien me enseñaba este tutorial. Había muchos soldados y me decían como hacer para que no me vean. Dos soldados me bloqueaban la salida y mato a uno u corro y me encuentra el que próximamente va a tener la cabeza cortada. Creí que me iban a cortar la cabeza a mí, pero se la cortaron a el. Que no recuerdo quien era o si lo conocía. 
Un mundo fantástico de casas abandonadas. 
Esto es lo que el inconsciente tiene para decirme.


There only exists fantasy thinking. Even words are fantastic.


How is it that you can't prove a negative. Dreams exist even if not in this realm.


The inner me in my dreams is outer.


The voice that spoke to me spoke by me.


La nada no solo es la nada si no sus infinitas posibilidades. Su potencial. Solo existe en actancia lo que existe en potencia.


God will look like whatever we choose to represent it. Since God is formless, everything with form will be our invention. Death is psychic. The image of God will be as well.


Jung will set you free.
See him. The most human of all heroes.
The most natural of the supernatural.
The most scientific approach to spirit.


See with the eyes of the imagination  experience with full sensory immediacy.


The answer to everything unconscious is true as long as its answered. I ask the characters in my dream. They respond and they are always right since it's always me talking to myself.


I started reading the red book. I'm fascinated by the prologue and the resemblance.


My journey is personal. My influences aren't me.


El inconsciente colectivo es muy grande.


He overcame himself because he got to big. Jung. He remember all of his past. But his past want him. He had been looking himself his whole life and that was certainly not him.


Nightmare lasts more or less.


Philemon Arthur & the Dung.


He already named many things for me. I can continue his work.


El día de mañana.


He called it psychic objectivity. 
What by its wording, explains itself.


I'm finding new ways to speak. I don't know if correctly.


I am screaming to myself. 


How do I know that on this side of the face that sees, there's me. My representation could be"screaming at the screen" sort of say, but I too could see it from its back. Then who's in front of it. Who's she looking at. Who will she scream at.


The other is me.


The hard recognition that me too, am like her.


You just resume your thoughts. You could think much deeper. 


We overthink. Over because it's over it. Not because it's over. It's a relation of position.


"Vos te ibas a llamar de otra manera también… pregúntale a mami".


Constructivista.


Freud is wrong and already been told at university.


On a subtler level, maybe you are what your horoscope says.


Jung is my cable down to earth.


Spiritual hermeneutics. Swedenborg.


All these understood the value of a shaman. All shamans understood what they were doing.


I'm never wrong since I try my best to explain what goes within. Some expressions are more accurate than others.


I say to me the most stupid shit. 


I'm not wrong when I make my best to explain.


Jung is a great example of God plays the artist.
Evola.
JBP.
Escohotado.
Socrates.
Jesus.
They were all artists. Ones were example, others were dialogue, others were utterly respectful of the Other. 


The One and the Other.


I'm giving my unconscious to the Other. I'm delivering as muchas I can, as effectively as I can. I'm an artist with the mind of God. Where the One and the Other meet. We meet at being. We are the Self.


One and Other make the self.
Apply this to every mathematical formula.


Don't be sorry for the path others chose.


I made communion with the mother through the mouth. We shared a glass of sprinkled water with lemon and ice.


No use of perspective since every form is 2D.


Alphonse Maeder.
Hans Schmid.
Moltzer.
JB Lang.


Alma Mora.
Couldn't be.
Chateau Vieux.


Chateau d'Oex.


That entire dream was disgusting.


I moved too slow and they made me move fast.


La quinta sube.


Ghosts of children whisper in my ear.


My right ear is broken on the high end. Induced (damaged) hallucinations.


The bad mother knows something.


Liber novus. 
Jung I fucking love you.


Hell is filled with people that were just like you, doing something you do not like. Becoming that which you disgust. 


It's always me and the unconscious.


Cafirí. Antonio me lo dijo. Que es ese sonido en la laguna del iberá.


There's no game to win. That's not what art is. Ethan Hawke.


How can there be a sense of moral superiority in ignorance.


All these extraordinary people.


Jung is how you want to grow old. 


The son of the frogs. Abraxas.


I want to reduce my entire realisations in a single point.


You can regard as significant that which you do not understand.


Intuition to be the differentiation and conscious function of instinct.


The lord of flies. St Christopher's was filled with flies. Something had died inside the building. Millions of flies. We killed many, every day at all times, for weeks, maybe months. And the smell. It smelled rotten.


After the day is done, vaping weed. A long shower and journalying or reading before the next day.


Sober I can connect more complex ideas that otherwise would escape from my attention.


This could be the start of a great life of studies, research and publishing, or it could all end soon. It depends on when I'm going to die.


Was nagged by the thought that Freud placed his personal authority above the quest for truth.


There were morals too before Christianity.


Remember the strength of the lion when you encounter any career or relationship hiccups.


In his left hand, he holds a triple scepter, representing domination over matter and emotion and thought.
The hierophant.


In The Emperor's right hand, he holds an ankh, the Egyptian symbol for life, and in his left is an orb, representing the world over which he rules. 


When two energies combine, they create one whole.


"In relationships, you need to be given space and respect to find your inner calling". 
Virgo. The hermit. The wise. The insightful one. The teacher. The teller of truths.


"Try not to look for the perfect partner either—remain open to gifts the universe might bring you".


Quotations.


Jung but with full disrespect.


I study subjects and people by fantasizing about them. I don't feel the need to finish any book. They'll be there for me if I ever want to pick them back up. 


Posts disciplinarte tenés que tratarte igual que a un perro. 


Images of lost memories.


The problems of losing memory. Of cutting off tradition.


"El razonamiento de los chiquitos (...). A mí todos me llaman la atención".
Dali2 a su mamá en la selva del iberá.


Overcome the horrors of humiliation.


It doesn't matter if what you write is accurate or not.


I wear what's given to me for that's what make me unique. Clothes I didn't chose but I like and make mine.


I think I'm about to explode; and then, nothing happens.


Enriquecimiento ilícito.


Causality in the traditional sense does not exist. Nothing means precisely the next step when causality is psychological.


I irritate toxic people.


It's the end of the world as we know it.


Raised like a pet.


Robotriping. Numb. Euphoric cloudy state.
Narcolepsy.


"I don't feel I belong here". He reduced it to a single point. Nihilist.
Poor guy. He don't know we are all the same. 


https://youtu.be/4whoJFInlns
"I very much am an outcast".
"A train with squared wheel".


"I believe in nothing…", he said. "...not I don't believe in anything" he then said. "There's a difference there… in the wording".


The ways to write are always different. It depends on what I want to say. 


"I'm always blanking now…" he said. "as if I had the word, but didn't have it".


God is a child.


I can also use repetition.


I'll quote random people on my stories.


Characters are confusing. They are supposed to be confused.


Only those who understand resolution can think of a movie with resolution.
Conflicted minds think conflicted plots.


Save the underdog.


"Hollywood ambassadors."


Nihilist that sees beauty.


No one belongs nowhere. 


Natural instinct to laugh.
Not angry and laughing.


Couchtripping.
Doesn't shower.


People are suicidal by nature.


"I hate myself, but I'm better than everyone else".


"I get bored, and then I get angry".


He believes in nothing but doesn't know God. Being that god is nothingness, he's missing the biggest parts.


You are extremely creative whether you believe in nothing or you believe in everything.
You need meaning. That's the part J doesn't in know.


I live advice for everyone I know of for them to see whenever they could. 
On "this line could have saved someone, but didn't".


I can think what I'd say to you if I had the opportunity.


We are not in agreement of the way we are to live.


Addiction is life. To consume. 


Ultimate consumer wants things.


God is a simple realization.


"There's no goal. So fuck it".


It's just us and our conclusions.


J is what I would have become.


"I wanna know that eventually the is a goal".
Subtle in the wording.


"Know that is ending" - J.


Boored.


The tortured genius. I was once.
More tortured than genius for me. But I held hope. Only my genius could save me.


I won't say unfair things.


This is about the future religious development of the west.


The relations of thinking and feeling aren't casual


You are whatever you identify yourself with.


God is unity.
Communion of the all, that is multiple and seen diverse. Incredible that all of this camefrom a single point.t. *


Jung the courageous.


I respect Islam. I respect every religion but not everyone who practices it.


Un filósofo integral. 


You just have to find one quote you like to respect me as an artist or philosopher.


Read. Determine for yourself if there's anything of value in them.


Determinism. I determine, therefore is true.


"Ayudan demasiado" // "no me dejan hacer nada". "You don't want to see me shine"//"I dress up all black"//"I suck your light"// I fuck your life".


"You don't let me shine? I fuck your life" - J.


La verdad es cuestión de grados.
Todo es cierto en algún sentido. La verdad es lo único positivo.


She knows things about me, but she doesn't know the outcome.


Love is cannibal.


Post punk. Chaotic, but not as much. 


I want to forget about my ears when I'm listening to music. I want to be absorbed in it. Let my unconscious work it out. And that can only be done in this instant. This is the moment to do. Not the future, not the past. It is now that you do. It is now that act exists.


Joy division's music is hypnotic.


Mi creatividad vuela como los aviones puedo construir un cerebro sin leer las instrucciones.


Time, light, water and phi.


I had many prejudices about writing.


Piano over black metal is beautiful.
Also violins.


It's hard to find melody in black metal. A lot of noise. All is in the background.


A guy talking around someone that is with headphones. 
"Y no te doy bola".


A guy holding the WC table with one hand, the dick with the other and with the left foot holding the door as someone's tries to get in. He's about to lose balance in his right leg.


Un mediocre borracho cayéndose por las escaleras.
(My mother just now told me last night she dreamt about my father rolling down the stairs, hitting himself on the head and lying dead).


No matter what, truth is not what I want but what is true in itself.


The idea of going back home to die is a sad one.
My grandfather died in the same house that he grew up in.


I have to like it in my monitor only. 


I did that deal in good faith.


A giraffe, drown at sea. 


I grew scared of what I was capable of.


I couldn't handle the pressure. I think now I can. There is none.


There are storms in the head.


Mythopoeic. Mythopoetic.


The ultimate time is forgiveness.


Reason arms you against the present.


Unconscious processes make my lyrics adjust always differently. Nothing will be fixed the same way, every time.


A character with a fixation with food.
"My tummy hurts" + "I want this and that and that and to keep eating till I die".


Conflict generates creativity.


Only conflict can unlock the unconscious mind.


Minds are empty of matter but full of substance. 


Neurótico me decía. De todas las personas, ella.


The problem of testimony.


Willingly lies prove free will. You would be a slave if you couldn't lie. You lie, even though you don't have to. You lie because you want.


He attributed my suffering to my intelligence. So I tried to numb myself down. To be happier.


Kvothe the right hero because he proved himself ridiculous.


I leave room for playing. I won't ever know the outcomes.


Editar imágenes es impresionante lo que me hace a la psiquis.


Todos los profesores siempre hablando de la parte aburrida de las cosas. No de lo positivo pero si de lo que se tiene que sacrificar.


Moderation and you enjoy longer.


I call it profiling.


Why would this mean that.


They were on the same tunnel. Not me.


Realising that you are one is realizing you are passive until you act. You aren't reactive. You are motionless.


Montar es un arte como lo es componer música.


We find all by peace. We find all by quietude. We find nothing but trouble by fear.


Be still, and know that I am God.


God the supreme being.


Me pasó un trago de birra rojita. Disfruté mucho ese trago. Volvió a tomar cuando se le devolví. No quedaban más que nosotros dos. Me lo volvió a pasar.
Cruzamos miradas más temprano.


Durante el día elijo diferente que durante la noche.


Whomever unlocks the archetype of messianism unlocks the secret of leading people to freedom.


I would be so in love with her. And I have Her approval.


Mayúscula cuando en la oración el sujeto representa autoridad.


Neurotic as a tendency of feeling negative emotion. 


Organize your life across multiple dimensions. Good antidote. Habit. Away from neuroticism. 


Sometimes I address you speaking to me. 


Feet on cold water.


We know what happens to subversives. 


The gallery during rain it’s the best. 


Differenciate the problem. Multiple dimensions of attainment, ambition, pleasure, responsibility. 


To the degree that is possible you want to optimize your functioning on as many of those dimensions as possible. Organize your schedule. Capacity for discipline. 
Eat regularly and properly. 
Sleep idem. 


My mother never left her house. 


You don’t need shields for uncertainty. 


You don’t need shielding on others. 


No human shields. 


In the beginning, you make mistakes. 


Sometimes I’m correct, sometimes I’m incorrect. 


Fallible.


Sometimes everything changes. 


People don’t want to hear the arguments on the other side. They are already thinking what to say after listening. 


Hay gente que tiene economia y gente que no tiene economia. 


Soy soberbio por creer saber algo que otros no? Soy soberbio por no poder evitar sonreirme cuando insultan por medio de un representante, mis creencias. You have to listen, and stay shut. There is no communication in TV. Is just listening without having to worry about talking back. 
People around TV are easy, around other people, uneasy. You don’t even have to be listening to be watching TV. 
TV has become the supplement for silence. 


Do not believe you are the best even when you strive to be the best. 


You are the best, since you are the only one you know. You are also the worst, since you stay the same. 


I realise I’m already dying, my body is falling to pieces. 


I have to train that muffled ear. Teach it new directions. 


Enjoy the joint. 


I feel I can’t get out of my head now that I know it’s permanent my ear. But I could, before diagnostic. I still can I just don’t believe it. 


Every thought has a date. 


Date is the superstructure of fractal structures. Time can be divided to infinity. And multiplicated to infinity. 


Ultimate truths about what.


Truth is equally as bright as it is dark. 


I don’t feel safe. Does that mean that I’m not?


Camino a ciegas como todo el mundo. 


Sight as a way of cognition. 
Hearing as a way of cognition. 


There are some things wired in us. 


What would relieve me from my anguish? 


Pay attention to the oral pulsion. It’s the desire to talk. To scream. To sing. To say. 


You don’t need compulsive acts. Be aware of the pulsion. Entertain it for a bit with a few breaths. You can be free from everything. You can do you will alone. 


Bruxism is the consequence of not speaking your mind. Virtual stretches in your mouth. 


Even that. 


They never let me speak my mind. I ended up becoming a writer. Who would say.


What could my writings mean for the course of humanity? What could do for Other One, could do for humanity. Humanity is a collective of individuals. What works for one could work for every one. 


They tell us not to look at things. 


They convince us not to look at things. 


Paranoia. The feeling of being about the be haunted down. 
Someone wants to hurt you and you don’t know where or when it will happen. 


I want to give a little joy before I day. True transformation. 


The good can beat the evil with the right tools. But also with the tools you have. 


Pulsions wire your thoughts. 


Instead of thinking this, I’ll think that. Pulsions are there to be overcome. No need for mate or cigars will change that. 


We are an entirety. 


What’s the first one? 1 instead of 0, that is the entirety of nothingness. 


How do you go from 0 to 1 and from 1 to 0. 


Endure. 


As an entirety, zeros exist. Cero is not nothingness but the entirety of nothingness. 


There is an entirety to darkness. There is a wholeness. 


Nothing is a whole. Can’t be divided nor separated. 


Discoveries. Through writing. 


Y si nos roban nos roban. 


Es portuito que estemos aca. 


Somos parte de un proceso, en el correcto estadio evolutivo. 


That disgust is the State. The one abling and unabling. 


The State as an apparatus believes to be the unquestioning truth about a Nation. 
Things (material or abstract) have beliefs about themselves. The most we can say about their ideals are its properties. 


Lo escribo como mejor me sale en el momento. 


Cuando respiro por la nariz, la garganta debe estar cerrada. 


Le hace cambios a tu cuerpo, el asco. Posturales, faciales. Disgust can reflect. Can but not always does.


Some are good liars. Many are willing to lie. Many others aren’t. 


It is okay to defend abstract principles.


Something can mark your skin forever. 


It is all existential. 
All matters are existential. 


What the texts are saying about wording.


What are the texts saying about wording? 


Different versions of the same thoughts, as once you read them, you would come up with a better version of it. 


Are we all pursuing the same thing? Happiness. 


The story of Corvo Attano is the story of all. 


Are we losing this battle? Or is that just fear? Instead there is hope. 


Instead and against are replaceable terms. 


Dejo que mi atencion vaya a donde quiera y lo escribo. 


Atencion, visualizacion, creacion, distorsion. 


We are given our powers through other spirits throughout my experiences. 


Movies can make you experience horrible stuff. 


How do you handle the horrible. 


The outsider is beyond existence. 


Dishonored is a great game because it holds truth. About how the real world works. The powers are real but from this other realm. 


“No me sale nada cuando otros me miran”. 


Quoting randoms. 


No amount of distorsion can corrupt truth. 


Truth is beyond comprehension. As soon as we know that, we’ll be a peaceful society. It will require a long, long time. 


No importa lo que vos haces. La batalla es por la opinion publica. Politicians are buffoons. 
It does not matter what they do but what people think of them. 


Things that exist will always and have always existed. 


I have my own interpretations of everything. It is okay that I believe many to be true. 


Sufficient reason. 


Me hizo doblar la cabeza para la izquierda, prestando mi oido derecho (Un doctor en una clinica, un personaje siniestro en una fiesta, tu amada hija).


Sentences apply to many stages. 


“Ah, seguro se trata de esto”. Siempre voy a estar equivocado, pensando asi. 


Las frases pertenecen a distintas fuentes. 


They would have to carry the guilt of killing me. 


Suena musica en una botella. Las gotitas de lluvia caen justo desde la medianera. Esta calmando la lluvia. 


I call if fake.


I do look like a deaf person. 


Write something about everything that appears in your mind. It may be descriptions, stories, names, objects, movements, shapes, colors.


You only become fool by yourself. No one can do it for you. 


Even when an image is static, it can be given movement afterwards by interpreting what’s happening, what’s next. 


These are the early stages of an evolutioned being. There are people so high up. 


You can guess what’s next. Faith. 


Cults had a purpose. 


His secrets didn’t speak about his mind. 


Grow dimension of what it means to be human. 


I have to change my body, for the greatest good. 


Find all aspects of life. 


Search for life’s areas, and choose a discipline (art) inside of it that makes your purpose. Sleep, on bed or on the ground. Exercise, calisthenics or lifts. Competition, sports or business. Endurance, walk trails o cinta de correr. 


Don’t get your hopes high with imposibles. 


Te empaquetan y te lanzan al mercado. 


Hay razones para que se enojen cuando uno quiere regatear. 


Se subestima la forma en que cada estado moldea la psiquis de sus habitantes (ciudadanos).


What are life’s areas?


Discern. How much is myth?


Perfect. Most likely. 


Many lines I’ve written with great pain. 


You can know what something causes but not what it means. 


They just wished that their memories disappeared. So they could start again. 
You can reset your mind. You have to be mindful, anchored in the now. Resolving the past only for today’s purposes. 


Mejor companero. Dije “voy a seguir haciendo lo que estoy haciendo”, pero no sabia que era lo que estaba haciendo. 


It’s harder to walk a straight path. 


They ask us to act bondless. With no relation to certain things. 


What I don’t say is my shade. What I don’t think about but my words are saying anyways. What’s implicit but not conscious to me. 


Every psique is narrative in its laws. 


Have you tried not thinking? It is great. 


I don’t know if I have a beautiful style of writing. 


En el proceso creativo hay dia y noche, luz y oscuridad. You can shine light on it. 


I upload chapters. The ones about the state, the last. 


I want to be good. 


Wanting to be good is enough. 


Make them realise the dream. What the dream is. Why you are seeing it all wrong. 


Hopefuly nothing would happen to me. 


The dream realm is the true realm. 


Centros de datos. Diferentes empresas. 


I would eat my ears. 


One legal business. I couldn’t adapt to the world so instead I made it adapt to me. 


I won’t always think about my ears. But you better believe it, so you can stop thinking. 


If you want to stop thinking, you better believe it. 


Believing is the creative act. Faith, they call it. Believing by yourself. 


Receive donations on wordpress. 


I was always on my body. 


He was art but became a joke. 


Christian faith gets you demonetized (or demonized?).


Payment processors.


Centralization is the problem. 


Suspicion of agenda. 


Agenda is from agency. To agent. To act. 


They’ll try and ruin my life. They may succeed. 


I didn’t know the rules of the game we were playing. 


I no know the rules of the game. 


Decentralized platform. 


He could have been deaf. Stabbed himself with a screwdriver because of bugs. Any image can be brought to life. 


Do not fake grace. Embrace it. 


There is a new song there where there was not. 


I only can provide insights that haven’t been provided. 


The art of becoming myself. 


Living statues. 


Profound encounters with random people. 


Fall in love a little bit. 


“Nobody ever sees me”.


Consistent salary. 


Art out of asking people to join us. 


Homecooked. 


Twitter makes everything much faster. 


Strong those who hold hope in times of darkness. 


Throw up the worm. 


You don’t force synchronicities, the time where now meets meaning. 


Random closeness.


Your music has helped my daughter so much. 


I can’t live denying them. 


Es un proceso porque no vienen todas las emociones a la vez. Vienen de a una y hay que atraversarlas aqui y ahora, una tras otra. 


It is fair. You do so much and receive so much, from grateful others. 


It’s something about defying them. 


Falling into the audience. 


“I’m sorry, I burned your CD from a friend”.


I become the hat. 


I’ll give away all of my music for free. And then ask for help. Crowdfunding. 


She grabbed it, to take a good look at it. 


“I didn’t make them, I asked them”. It’s not easy to ask. 


An exchange very fair to us could be alien to them.


Visceral feeling for trusting strangers. 


Artists. Conectors and openers, not superstars.


Give and receive fearlesssly. Ask without shame. 


We see each other then want to pay each other. 


How do we let people pay for music? 


True artists have grace and myth. 


I don’t need to be right about anything. 


Something can feel different in the body. 


Don’t talk to yourself in a false manner. 


A spirit dropped some sticks. 


I didn’t get to enjoy my ears more than 28 years. 


You fell into the trap and realise it way later. 


He may be a bit too much on the phone. 


Make even smoking good. Choose to do the right things. 


What would happen If I’d write whatever come to mind. 


Smoking as an excuse to find moments, not to satiate a pulsion. 


Smoking can be like suffocating. 


My backyard breathes. 


Almost -30db in the high end of my right ear. 


I write to remember. 


“Que sea lo que Dios quiera”. 


Facing the fire. With the fire on back. Surrounded by fire is how we live. 
But we too are fire. 


It takes time to locate a part of your body. 


Dios es un verbo. 


Hatha yoga. 


Crack the eggshell. 


La creatividad no es nada que tengas que inventar. 


Darkness obscures our reality. 


Cada uno lleva la vida que puede con lo que tiene. 


Ceros es el nombre de la pagina porque sera lo que yo quiera que sea. 


How much enhanced do you want sight. 
What else do you need to see?
Sight as a way of cognition. 


Technical issue, downtime. 


La reina de la mugre. 


I have to remember my books.
 
I have to remember my looks. 


My worst fear came true and I don’t feel a thing. 


Symbols. The key. 


All legal, all synched, all linked. 


There is no escape. 


A man gets a stone out from his ear. 


Algo inmaterializado. First has to have name. Ceros. 
The name of the whole and the entirety. 


The names I choose change everything. The things I name become the things I think about. I acquire knowledge because of my past choices and callings. 


I wish I knew, and then I know. 


Tengo que un dia hacer back-up  y despues despedazar la carpeta del google drive. 


Names are for life. That's their power over us/things. 


No busco ser incorrecto si no autentico. 


There is long term transformation. 


Learn to delete or you’ll overload. 


The sequels of every evolution is that it is the reminder of the past so the past can’t be erased. 


Last cigarette. 


Promises are commitments for life. 


They may have gained some time by remaining in ignorance. Nothing else.


Understanding myself I comprehend others. 


God is a quest for knowledge. 
God is a search. 
God is a fight.


Todavia no perdi la localizacion. 


God plays artist. 


Where’s the message I’m looking for.


Todas fueron partes de procesos. 


Zero is unity as a singular. 


God plays the artist. 


“In the beginning there was nothing”.


Book recommendation section. 


The writer chooses where to publish. 


I can almost hear talking about something unmanifested. 


God creates the artist. 


It’s fine to not understand entirely what’s going on.
Not shielding against uncertainty. 


En serio podes reirte a pesar de las malas noticias. 


Fumo tabaco para no fumar tanto porro. 


Theory of enchantment. 


Only through the artist is that you meet God. 


Perceived utility. 


You can’t live like all facts are equal. 


Entries about creative writing. 


Everything becomes relevant in early stages of schizophrenia. 


Subset of facts you choose to believe. 


Sometimes being weird and being brave are the same thing. 


Fields of philosophy. 


Pragmatism in a nutshell. 


All of your knowledge about anything is limited. 


The brave step up. 


Cloud of ignorance. 


You cannot compute all the consequences of your actions. 


Perceptual system. 


For pragmatism, things are true enough.


Things are true and true enough. 
Everything is true enough since everything is interpreted. 


Do you have to take it seriously?


Principle of sufficient reason. 


An artist's duty is to reflect the times. Nina Simone.
How can you be an artist and not reflect the times?


The dormant beast.


Is eleven av zero from next cycle.


Tips for those who want to think.


Lying on a table, realising all my nightmares became true. Estábamos en un campo. Compramos churros a dos locos en bici que no eran veganos y a mí hermana le dijeron que sí. Ponía sonido para una fiesta.
Tengo muchos escalofríos. Realising the horror of child. My sister telling a story of when my father asked her not to tell that he was crying because things were tough. We were on tour. Sentí tantos escalofríos. Just as I did as a kid. I moved a knife as if I was stabbing someone. They looked at me scared. I was terrified. But also couldn't picture that image of father crying. Of the horrors of childhood.
Dreaming I discover things about my self in the past and myself now. 


Faith is blind belief and because of that is a superpower.


Don't explain your philosophy. Embody it.


Transmisión.
Infomación.
Coordinación.
Ajuste.
Economía.


Ella es la persona más irrespetuosa que conozco. Cree que no merezco su respeto, por cuestión de jerarquía.


Aprendan a leer a escribir y después lean y escriban.
Nadie te dice que escribir; nadie te dice que leer.


If you're going through heaven, keep going. It only gets better from where you are at.


I want only the air I breathe.


All big shots.


Spiritual bypassing.


Toxic positivity.


Mechanisms of abuse.


Hallucinatory daemons.


I'm not entitled to forgiveness.


Hallucinatory journeys that makes it all alright.


Uno se casa en una institución.


Intimacy purely for feeling?


I peed myself in a dream as I got my boxers wet. Like there was still something left to pee (I did most in my dream) and never got over. That's when I woke up and realised that my vejiga was about to explode and I had already started peeing in the physical realm. My grandfather's place. The night after his birthday. Sleeping on a mattress on the floor, right next to my sister that's across the room, on another mattress. 
The one that told me all these stories about humiliation. How he was made to walk in front of other children with his pants wet, because he wasn't allowed to go to the bathroom in the middle of class. How is it that someone has that power over you. That authority. It's a spell. He wasn't allowed to celebrate his own birthday. Never a gift was given on any date, for any occasion. His books were his refuge.
I dreamt about me on a big toilet. In a small bathroom. Similar to the one we had in our first apartment in BA. I was talking, don't remember if ourloud out not. About the most millionaire. Was it trump or bill gates I don't know. I thought about who made the most, the youngest. I have thoughts when I'm acting in my dreams, simultaneously.
Can't remember anything prior to that.


I resented him. He wasn't good for me, not being good for the one before me.


I use any term however pleases me.


Correspondence is what determines symbology of reality. There's a word for each thing, a symbol can represent anything.


La gente en la TV, que linda es.


The unconscious is the strange about oneself.