como vamos a vivir en este pais
futuro (progreso) en el pais (industria)
a mi no me jodan
banalidad
confrontar clase politica
hago, en vez, cosas que tengo que hacer
no intento algo nuevo cada mañana
cosas que recuerdo
autodisciplina seria tomar el estudio/el deporte, etc. como algo que tenes que hacer
el etc esta muy mal usado
los presentes se desarrollan en tu cabeza
es mi cabeza obsesiva que no me deja pensar otras cosas. solo quiero escribir
thats a sign of a broken society. they cannot see whats wrong
cuando me concentro solo en las imagenes no soy. necesito cosas que me lleven a mi cuerpo
sus espiritus estan divagando y tienen que volver al cuerpo 
“figuring this out” YT channel
tambien puedo saber cosas que no crei que sabia
“bueno, resolvelo”... hes not wrong
but he doesnt let others to resolve however seems best for them
scanning my mind
bajar grabaciones
soy, me convierto y pienso
la verdad absoluta existe y me lo demuestro cada vez que no creo saber algo que en realidad yo si se
a mi viejo le gustaba mucho estar solo. lo desterro de si por el ritmo en que decidio vivir
“oh, dont get emotional” he yelled, angry
secrets trouble people
escribiendo, puedo aminorarme y pensar, porque mente y cuerpo son uno
mind and body become one
yo puedo trasponerme, nunca entran cosas en mi
caada trauma revivido, personifico. yo interpreto un espiritu (mio u otro) en este (u otro) espacio
me voy al calabozo
mc gregor odia pensar
acordate que no sabemos por que existimos antes de ver una pelicula
nos conocemos
forget about everything you know or think to know
forget about language
hear what they say
cinema mudo
las peliculas como retrato de la vida real
punto significativo a otro punto significativo
no me podes dar dos minutos de tu tiempo
voy a ponerme a describir escenas graciosas y narrarlas en un guion
no se puede cortar la inspiracion porque es algo que (...)
no me importa google
human sacrifice//canibalism
thrill
jewish cults
get into all beliefs
belief is implicit in your thoughts, it is not part of it
worship of evil
forced to participate
they make us feel ashamed about whats natural
overweight (pregnant)
libbre david 37
what was wrong was right and what was right was wrong
we dont believe what we dont want to do nothing about
multiple personality disorder
identical rituals
belief system in evil and the power it gives you
talmud
hey rabbi, watcha doing
by way of perception you must make war
tv, weapons of mass deception
they call lucifer “the morning star”
god wants satan to go back to him. they knew each other. evil knows good, and good, evil
i have not yet tried to explain something
long nor complex. i just count on every thing starting to make sense by their own force. their own limits
i was too correct
smoke gives you revelation
something that happens outside when it doesnt happen inside is compulsive
vice. empty
the paths struggle drives you towards, are not determined. you have a voice
there are many not great philosophers
socrates un verdadero artista. pensar es un arte. comunicar tambien.
im a good communicator 
am i going to play live or not
not everything is worth writing
search for studios with acommodation
try to get a job at a studio
i do not even care if i believe that what i say is true
i do not even care if i believe or not in what i say
words should be helpful more than truth
lies serve a purpose
storytelling couldnt be called lies.
fiction aint lies
magic is the real truth
it is hard to tell at the time of experiencing
reflecting is expanding the experience through mirrors. shining light in different corners. association by symbology
symbology is similar for all. there are some variables that we dont share
when i sit down to write, i wonder what am i not bored of
i crossed the line of dosage. ill guit weed for a period of doing. nonstop
what is the phenomenology of things
i forget i do not need to fight boredom. i can just make things slower and more beautifuly
ive enjoyed games while they lasted. ive done the same with parties, day plans
mind goes insanely faster than hand on paper. what gets on paper is lucky to be there and even if distorted, as it is always at least a little.
sometimes words go missing along the way
sometimes a sentence sounds nice but you dont know if it actually made sense
you write it down anyways
software to highlight in three different colors
moldova/nicaragua/shrilguka
world’s emptiest countries
1jm/56 people
fear based media
mutually assured destruction
less people
EMUS
.
is china going to destroy the world?
is the world really ending
violent soho. hungry ghost. isaac butterfield
australia solves the space problem for sure. plenty of space. a few friends. en la gesta es la hermana la traidora
a privilege is something you have others dont
is it? we do not want the same things
id be called crazy for wanting to live with no money
you know the line you wrote is the idea opening from there. the future will tell if the consciousness comes back there to expand on it
She didn't know what was all about
She exposed him and sent him to death
Wealth, knowledge
Part of being human. Privilege
Love is a privilege most of us didn't have
The bombing of Darwin
You can't blame the Germans for Hitler
Do not blame one group
Amazingly progressive
Political lives are lives thought to be carried on as a plan
The only way out is through
Political person is the contrary of authenticity and a waste of time
I don't own my words after I said them
I own then while I say them
All the time fixating on the things I couldn't understand about things I thought
Tócame los dos huevos
En qué país se ahorra más
Me voy australia?
Comprehending liberates you
Your nature implies you do not really know anything
Why attach yourself to the things you know as if they were the truth
Un lugar tranquilo donde ir a pegarle al presidente
La valentía y el conocimiento son la misma cosa
Todas las palabras pueden equivaler
La primera mano no se puede reemplazar.
Ostias psicoactivas
Filosofo farropero. Filosofo farlopero. Antonio Escohotado
Escohotado se entregó. Fue preso en Argentina.
Lo firmo Menem
Hay debates que deben hacerse
Antes la TV no era tan estúpida
YTP antonio escohotado
"He probado todas las que he podido"
Un sketch de alguien vestido de escohotado tomando drogas en cada oportunidad para hacer videos como si fuera un reventado
80 años vividos
Contenidos morales a compuestos químicos, un disparate
The core was pure pain
Las personas tienen derecho a la extravagancia
Ya suena el próximo (..)
No puedo ganarme a mi mismo.
Just checking that the theory holds.i know it is failureless. It checks. I just can't remember which one is it
Tanto tiempo pasa entre un pensamiento y otro
Hay que ser muy pajín para terminar así. Un pajín robot
You are god and can't outrun yourself; you either are light or are shadow. Those are your both two sides
This could be all just fantasies. Meaning: believing that certain desires are happening now. That I'm about to live a fantasy (potential fantasy). Wishes people call them. If you wish something, aren't you do it beforehand. Be careful what you wish for. The things you wish once you wish for the future as well, even though you may not remember
"Ok then you give a better explanation"
We are scared of certain words. The words we do not want to become, yet don't think to forget. And it takes time to know what a word means. 
We can believe ourselves in the future and then instantly believing that it's now
No siquiera registran que te preguntan diez veces lo mismo
My life is not part of her plan
Same can be said about the next guy


Referencial thought is sick thought 
Thought should be removed of all ego or reference
Someone might want to read this
Anger comes from fear
projecting is believing our selves
tal vez le daba miedo a mi mama. tal vez yo soy demian. como bar s y ernst. there was an archetype there for me that i didnt want to accept. or yet didnt know about. havent recognised what havent yet seen. i see now. and it doesnt make me better. i just see what they project on me. a monster. 
i dont need to be involved in this dynamics
i have in me the experience of an archetype ive acquired through my grandfather’s stories, the ring, seven
your head is full of fantasy. find your true voice to getting out. and making a decision and standing by it is also telling the truth, even if it was told beforehand
spirits in your head can get big. surronding like a tornado that expands the more awareness i have
no standpoint is fixed and no attention point is fixed
everything is always evermoving. we are filled with anxiety. we need eternal. going back
god is in the cigarettes
como sentirse Neptuno con vientos uracanados
la pelicula mama
ive meditated an awful lot in the supernatural
“no me acuerdo de nada”
me enfrento a mis temores como adulto y nada me sobresalta
a house
they took us to a house
many lines are lines from movies
tell us more. i cant remember anything
una pelicula sobre un exorcismo tengo que hacer
espanola la peli Darkness.
you dont know what happened before
her wife finds him funny
n9o seas un pajin
Jaume balaguero
kundalini(?. abdomen
disgust came with horror movies
good to see you dad
dark waters. waste
the round window
mysterious man looks from away
again, abdominal kundalini
40 years eclipse
you have to condense all meaningful actions in short times
“y tambien es eso, y tambien es eso, y tambien es eso”
what does it take for you to see it?
keep a close eye on him
isolated instant
nothing is starting to happen
me gustaban el vhs y el cassette
come on, lights out
las formas que tuvieron esas fuerzas, no tienen importancia
the dark. “it eats my pencils”
se abre la escena. situation.
every story starts with a situation
premonitory elements in every horror movie
a script is meaning timeless. only in the movie it adquires movement
a problem with no solution. only the affected sees
just see the bigger picture
aprendiendo palabras aprendes como hacer cosas con otras palabras. 
the bigger picture is not easy to find in a situation if you do not know how to look for it
loud intro
relative dimensions equals for reality and psyche
im not used to people being so different
it is normal to be scared of your parents as defigurations of childhood memories
el cuaderno chico tiene una ventaja y es que podes escribir acostado
believe you are before you become
me interesa la idea del metaverso de poder escribir acostado
35 min abandono peli
the sun orbitating.
solar god
the sun and the moon. male/female
Solar god shine light Lunar god reflects it
there are multiple gods and are all parts of the one
35mm
embrace weirdness
weirdness has no meaning
religious people are pre-language
Sun/respect and adoration
without sun we cant survive
constellations
cross of the zodiac
antrhopomorpheans
life giving/saving
Aquarious brings rain
Horus. the sun
Seth. the dark
Light vs dark
the truth/the light
general mythological structures
crucifixed. resurrected
most recent solar messiah
birth sequence is entirely astrologicals
the three kings, constellation
mary is virgo (♍)
virgo is a woman
woman is earth
it is symbology
that is more real than reality
house of bread
25 december. warmer days
spring equinox
no respect for who he chosed to be
buying cigarettes is an excuse for going out
i do not want it to be vice. i want to liove it
creative people: the “why not” drives us
not astrology but symbology
a circle and a cross in it
jesus. son of god, his head in the cross
who’s first? day or night. when one starts the other one does as well. thre is light (so then, darkness exists)
there is not a time when light exists in which dark does not
god is pre-light
god is potency
Ages
2150 year period as an age
i act clueless. am i?
the golden bull
rams blows horns
mithra killed the bull
jesus’s fish
aquarius, the water bearer
“I’m going to listen just in case it is true”
Age, Aeon
“Lets bring america back to god”
the immaculate conception
religious views will expand your consciousness
egyptian=christian. not plagiarism
the epic of gilgamesh
the return of the dove
moises is known as the law giver
Manow. India.
Minos. Grete
Mises. Egypt
Justin Martyr
“this people”
“esta gente”
Joseph a prototype for jesus
begin work at age 30
christ. the anointed 
how do you make conclusions about reality
how do you make assumptions about reality
“mostly people agree”
preconditions of inteligibility
“if you cant convince them, confuse them”
faith is believing without evidence? is it?
i wish life was simpler as in “i wish people would realise how simple it really is”
i did not know thing would turn out the way they did
sometimes theres this thing in my chest, i cannot get out
fill all of the notebooks, make sense of it all
square is 2d. triangle 3d.
im helping to acheieve the inevitable
risk going too far to see how far you can go
hunger is the fierst element of self discipline
bananas with almond butter
if your each for truth, youll get there eventually
no shame in overcoming mental problems
spirit as the solution to all mental problems
yo no me voy a poner nervioso al pedo
it does not matter what happened to you. it is no precondition. once you know you are free, you can get rid of all conditions. and be you. unconditionaly
you can remain calm
whats inner is actually inner because we hold this body we are consciousness, w4e dont know where it is. cant know. theres nothing inner about it. there are no boundaries.
you can think whatever as long as you dont actually do whatever 
we all hold a dark side. whenever theres light, there is darkness
“volvio la mogolica”
can any word be used as an insult
why do religious people dont explain better why they believe in what they do
doa  better work
is my heart strong? will it hold?
when the time comes, take it
celebs realise more than others what is going on with their lives, since theres always someone recapitulating their lives
partial lies, partial truths
it gives me cringe to look at myself talking
ya no son mis amigos
ollas
sucess lets you ask for things to other companies
gordelia atras de un escritorio
meditation is better done in the office
enlightenment is not a fixed end
savage the body, civilized the mind, indomitable the spirit
analyzing for realizations i brain frying and tirying
a man who masters himself can never be mastered by another
they let you come at them to catch you
prepare for the coming hardships
this face/this face
add a little bit of extra safety
be useful/high value
car studio
wood must feel like flooring
build template. cut
measure twice, cut once
sub floor
personas que han destacado
.
quiet 
private
easy access
budget friendly
good acoustics
.
moving mats. clams
desk arm
no estoy comodo en ninguna parte. quiero un lugar comodo para trabajar. nada mas
i wont find rent cheaper than what id spend living in the car
when i feel that ill explide, i just need to go outside
you cant do it without others marking the way
the path has already been walked
others walking before you
“cuando se va a acabar?” pensaba. “bueno, ahora ya esta”. No queria saber mas nada. 
Rest. Eso era todo lo que necesitaba. Rest from here
empresas devenidas en proveedoras del estado
weak human nature
learn to talk in your mind
how can i imagine the pitch
cuando uno sabe mas rapido que dios, uno es “el hijo de”
tv wont give a minute to explain
liberation outpost
satan was demonized by the church because he was a rebel. the state tries to stop that from being
so many heads that need to be chopped off
im going to miss my parents
i wish i was happier all the time through every decision
pain is not suffering
suffering comes to place because we have free will. we get time. we can know the consequences to our actions and do right.
thats why we suffer.
things could be otherwise and we know it. every time
did you grow up
la excepcion hace a la regla
can you be not a piece of shit?
suffering comes after we learnt about choice
buddha. jesus.
krishna.
three gods in human form. they survived the test of time
i wish there were things thatd be never be over
i can write all day every day
i will fill notebook after notebook. i know things are different because if i would have done more, Id have more writing
resilience to boredom
12 hours in the fields
open throat chakra
the journey of remembering
opening a portal (to another dimension)
no one will bring you up, but some could bring you down
i enjoy every cigarette as if it was the last
ayudarme a pensar no es ayudarme a cambiar de idea. es buscar formas o razones para mis ideas
everything in the solar system surrounds the sun
we are cosmos built around the sun. bright flame where it all started
les mintieron acerca de las voluntades de dioos
hay muchos tipos de guerreros de dios
higher, higher, god, higher
tourists do not respect nature
the bigger the current
hard times to be nothing at all
i didnt want to be racist for not sexually liking another individual
people who dont almost drown, cant understand the experience
juegan a ver quien tiene  la mejor novedad. asi charlan
religio es religarse a la experiencia universal
uninspired, type the notebooks. inspired, type new lines
the battle is ideological
nothing more immersive than your own ideas to get you back to your senses
use your writings to your own advantage
i wont feed resentment
ill just leave
state needs funding
estar con todo, todo el tiempo, no podes. ahi viene la decision y el sufrimiento
we are responsible for our own free will
i dont need weed to write but to not be bored
supportive partner or no partner at all
there is a canonization of the bible
feeling tends to mix. it can be just boredom at first 
in anger refrain for both speech and action
deliver. go in prison if they ask you to
en las peliculas como dicen que va a pasar entonces va a pasar
strengthen your will
la inseguridad es relative. no hace falta ser feo. la mas linda puede tener la mas fragil autoestima. perfection requires the least to break
me cayo simpatica un rato
refrain from speaking adna cating. can you do it? free will, proven
how much time can yuo hold on a single thought (that goes from start to finish)
boredom and heat makes me want to die
i do it for the people i do not yet know
escohotado sabia mas acerca de muchas mas fuerzas
evil is just number -1
evil pionono = piosisi
other heroes wont like you when you decide to be a hero yourself
im going to operate in this realm that is free, as real as matter, as universal as existence, to generate a change
machines can build other machines
knowledge is infinite and surrounds and its within all
the devil doesnt make you. you are accountable
“satan” lies to the holy spirit
what is reality. reality is what things are
reality is multidimensional because thingsa are across multiple dimensions
the ugliness sonner or later starts to die
create safe spaces for chaos and neuroticism. 
self induced psychosis
mania of the greeks
apologia del delito. que delito
que olor tiene cfk. que perfume?
to attract better, become better.
appear clueless or stupid
ram dass
timothy leary
everything continues until it doesnt
everything is constant when its fixed. not fixed, then chagne is implied. movement changes
the truth is in the verb
undisturbed/unbothered
“hen the mind exists undisturbed in the way, nothing in the world can offend, and when a thing can no longer offend, it ceases to exist in the old way”
Sengcan
friends are food for the soul
they make you care about things that do not matter. are not important
imagine a day where people tell your story. the story of your life. registered in the records at history
the ghost
the devil is in halloween
“in the dark”. blind, drunk, drug addict
the blind part is solid
the blind part is social
it is the reactions from the outer, from the other
being a dj
the universes we live in are created from the character we created growing up
no cro que seas enteramente debil. creo que malgastas tu fortaleza
desinteresado es si te cuesta mas la vida y aun asi decidis hacerlo
ya se dieron cuenta de que pueden avanzar sin que digamos nada
artists live on the edge. they are forgiven
am i feminine? did i dreamed that?
they themselves have to deal with the things they have done
everything i do seems to me like a waste of time. i just cant do it anymore, wasting time
que pasa si digo la verdad yno lo quieres(n) entender?
todo es azul
todo es azul
todo es azul
(x3)
am i tired of writing? should is stop writing? could i?
i havent yet decided
whats good was once wrong and whats wrong was once good
psychological rebirth wakes up the geenie
if you dont know what got you here, you may fall back again
status, fuck it, who wants it. being no one while changing it all is the most you can accomplish
you couldnt recognise depression even if it was up your ass
it gets my mood down the stupid shit my father worries and cares about. mother too. irelevant, time wasting, purposeless. it is sad. a waste of intelligence
intelligent who makes the most of his time here
sell me weed
monkey sitten at the tip of the table
reinterpreting maliciously is what the left does. reading between lines
leave a margin of mistake of 50%
estuve en la pileta con la hermana de faca. le cuento al instructor algo de nado. hablaba con ojeda. no me acuerdo de nada (dream)
40 days walking in the desert
can you reinbody jesus christ
the inner realm has all the same people but as archetypes
being alone is priceless
“no seas impaciente con otros” digo, y pierdo la paciencia
el enojo es mas dificil de contener aunque solo cause dolor. el placer solo causa placer.
no existira el tiempo donde puedas estar solo y con gente. es una o la otra. so what will it be
moral principles
“god is the author of life”
communion. conninon. union. with christ. all united
prayer. all communion
we cannot mess
“do you have a soul”
stories take generations to complete
harmonious level 4 consciousness
ascend humanity faster
this is what they are doing, while pursuing their own self interest. it is like da vincis code (inferno) when believed releasing hell on earth will get us faster to heaven. 
my intentions are not perverse (pleasure in the malicious)


theres no transformation without conflict. every movie is like that why would life be any different. not the same things happen, but they obey the same laws
the laws of narrative are the laws of psyche
conversation flows. let them go whenever.
god lets you free because when you know it, you know the equally proportionate, infinity within
what are the borders of the universe, and the boundaries of you being
casta donde vos perteneces y entre ellos te defienden
outcast jesus was one
contagious. magic. how do you became contagious
you have to decide who do you want to be. thas how you deal your life. deciding who do you want to be each time
who do you wont be
how do you find the time to do the things that you dont want but must be done
they havent done the work and thats what gave me trauma
emotionally immature parents
my father gave up his privilege of being alone for the responsibility of raising a family
great people look liek machines
great are not bad nor good
you can reduce darkness to a minimum, you can reduce light to a minimum. that light cannot be blown out
white girls angry at their dad. patriarchy
where is pain felt?
i used weed to think not to get numb
accepting ones fate without complaining 
there is a virtuous race going on
virtue is something you find, discover, figure out
the bible was kept secret until it was late
his face calm af
why despair even in the worst. death is the end. theres no worst and no better than that. theres nothing else
castiga en su propia persona a los que lo odian
do not return the punch if it stopped there
expulsar estas naciones que son mas numerosas que yo?
expulsar estas nociones que son mas numerosas que yo?
no sea que las fieras del campo se multipliquen contra ti
“yave hgizo a nuestros ojos milagros y prodigios”
i was smart only for the invisible realms. i do not know the rules by which societies in the world move. you have to learn them and serve nothing
hitchcock, su obra consagrada al miedo
stephen king, same
nothing in the cover. nothing in the back. black book. golden title. nothing more
whats akward is still dark
the truly important race is the race for truth
between all the brainwash there will be one
i am in the abyss but im not falling
i am in the abyss but im not fallen
you can say anything about everything youve heard
tomar la fama como un laburo
te vas parriba como pedo de buzo
“is government the new god? the religion of totalitarianism?”
totalitarianism is monadism. like monarchism. like godism.
no one misses you when you are not there. as it should be. nothing is missing to the present moment
outcast
get the ball rolling
playing too humble will have you overlooked, underpaid and underlook
talk. own the room. let others be uncomfortable
mf si funciona en ingles
you choose which character you portray, since you wont ever find yourself in that realm. there are many forces that arent you
choose people by their quality
jesus didnt forgive others sins just because they could be saved. that does not matter. he forgave because and for himself
lot of christian marxists in history
i didnt know where i belonged because my ideologies werent displayed, even less publicly. because of it, all that remained was the worst part of me
liberation theology
el problema de la hipocresia es con los que aman las reglas pero no se las bancan
they didnt like the state so instead of erasing it, they took it
god is not government nor has to do with it. god is for the free
enlightened the entire continent
why isnt everyone enlightened? because they are scared
to engage in the quest. in the pursuit for truth. you need the courage to go all in even when the risk of becoming insane is there
the risk of not being able to discern between reality and ilussion
es de bien nacido ser agradecido
ir a cursar todos los dias con ganas de llorar. la angustia te come
no need to sell cocaine to own the world.
everything written on paper could be lost
the great awakening will eventually be for nothing. are we going to keep evolving? or is it done? is legacy temporary? if you reduce yourself to nothing. would you better be dead?
brownshirts are one of the pillars of authoritarianism
growing library
1984. fanatical religion
they want to remodel human nature
the greater the change, the greater the resistance
totalitarianism
organised religion
prophets transform the world
they call themselves state
the attempt to produce heaven on earth invariably produces hell
suffering starts when you realise there are (...)
i know there is no truth in everything i say, but i know id find something true about everything i say if i had the time to edit or explain
a mistake is to think that your parents know everything about you
thats what de kemper thought about it. “my mother knew how to push every buttton”. buttons can be deactivated by yourself
if you know what is it that they know, you can win
i made the mistake of making a conclusion on a one single variable
religious enthusiasm 
mass surveillance, censorship, opression, mass imprisonment, exterminium
me hacia hacer cosas y despues me decia por que estaban mal ejecutadas
no es que porque sabes mas lo vas a hacer de forma diferente al que sabe menos. lo que necesita hacerse de una determinada forma, se hara siempre igual


I've never been in love as much as with her
always at point zero with thejm
you know you can endure more
but you dont want to be involved in things that dont involve you directly
people talking about their problems is not their business
absolut power does corrupt
hellish tyranies
chosen (paradisal future)
sinners (non believers)
unquestioning obedience is the greates of mistakes, since (...)
you can be obedient and let yourself be dead by their hand purposefully 
“god’s plan”
exposing your nature as well as theirs. one has the power to escape, doesnt. the other has the power to forgive. doesnt. 
“why are you doing this?” just because
greater good
totalitarian utopias
weed cant be killed
totalitarianism requieres totalitarian true believers
yerba mala nunca muere
obsessed with knowledge
inwardly asent/accept/absent for a life of extreme conformity and obedience
greatest libraries?
compliance is not enmough
fascism aim to control consciousness
giovanny. amendola.
it needs the conversion
demagogy and pedagogy. compulsive schooling. terror and love
displays of terror and displays of love
still fascinated me
ive ever been obsessed with the darkest characters. some of them i liked (they acted within reason) and others i did not like, acted irrationally, pure impulse
still fascinating
terror, love and brainwashing
stockholm syndrome, the abuser become the perceived safe heaven, a person or an entity to whom one can turn for help, mercy, forgiveness, comfort. 
alexandra stein
alternation of horror and love triggers free floating anxiety, confusiuon and creates a trauma bond, between the citizen and the state
fanatics acrt in the interests of the leader, instead of their own
self interest is not just ones own interest
know thy self
processes of brainwashing rest on the creation of stress or threat with no escape other than (compliance) to the apparent safe heaven of the (totalitarian regime and) group
alex stain
persistent fear mongering with promises of salvation
crimes not commited
mass religious conversion
the sate eats its own children
there is status as the members of the movement
hitler estaba mal en que partes, exactamente?
demonizing people is just a charicature
we need truth
completion
to understand truth 
and completion
do not partially see something
see it all
we are all wrong
communists want to subvert the social order based on a flag, religiosity with idols
we have gods of human flesh
christians wont ever be of the state
ive known the dark descent
totalitarianism never achieves what it promises. it creates a hell on earth in which many are sacrificed to the god of the state
the bigger the state the bigger the corruption
moving into chaos
state is individuals
modern day revival
politicians and others in positions of global power
the masses are expected to obey and to love the new society thats being forced upon them
obedience
let all be shepherds of none. lets all wave to the air
opportunities started rolling
songs didnt make sense and didnt either when i showed them to people that knew more. the problem was, they couldnt see one. it was there, it was structural
i lack the conviction to defend smoking
do not accept the false gods of the state
the land of smothered opportunities. Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn
Unlimited power in the hands of limited people always leads to cruelty.
Political genius lies in extracting success even from the people's ruin
not an academic, no need for quotes
what means can counter evil?
stop indoctrination.
ostracise obedients
mock and ridicule the priestly politicians and burocrats
point out the hipocrisy and absurdity of their propaganda
sometimes defense is the bet attack
create and support technology, arts, memes, videos, books, merchandising or music. that informs, inspires and spread the message of freedom
build or participate in counter-economy
strive to live as freely as possible
compliance is the riskiest of choices
naive hope
manmade hell on earth
land of the free
all the evil is possible everywhere on earth
love and horror only worked on my father, not on me or my sister
friend of all
aprender esta bueno
why would their intentions change your ways
no source of strength
things that need to be done must be done with or without strength
el pez por la boca muere, porque asi tiene que ser
“fuck that, we are going to make it done”
sheep would take out their teeth for safety
thats just not how i deal with things
whats better than letting everyone deal with things in their own way
own self interest?
or having the freedom to choose
past, present and future are all the same thing? if so, there is free will
you cant outplay god because its you. IT has no being. nor a he or a she it. god is beyond being
proof of the metaphysic. symbolic is real
is the sun more than the moon?
legisladores del dolor y del placer
los deleites de fumar son energia y paz de espiritu
moliere. el tabaco es droga de gente honrada, como el cafe
sus efectos primarios, animicos y coreograficos, generan un placer sutil
encadenar cigarrillos
chainsmoking
te deja manco
la codicia oral del lactante, cuando dejamos de fumar
get away from the son
get away from the sun
twhere does the divine light
there has been a dismantling of totalitarian government lately
powers grow by the minute. argentina cant survive like that
individuals can make their own decisions 
individuals can make their own judgement. because in fact they do.
consiously individuals at least
y si se enojan bueno
donde vive la senora
i had this dream once. her head rolling before the eyes of millions
God love his children
One in a million
Mix the music with the sound of your mind
What part of my lines sounds as if I'm insane
The problem would come when they don't like what I'm writing
But no one could say I'm insane
Just watching the smoke should be gratifying enough
Is music in first layer or second layer
I like listening
As well as speaking
But people don't just tell you things
That's why you watch movies and listen to music
Videogames are different because they require interaction
Are autists not interested in interaction?
Shine a light
Is this a story of love or hate
Sometimes of life you can just be an expectator
I don't want him in my plans
Watch the smoke leaving the window
The last one I breathe it
Inhale it
People doubt your intentions
That's fine
Plastic Messiah
People don't often speak clearly
nothing better than going to bed listening to an album 
I have my resources 
Put the knees
Chop chop
Snap
Snap
This is the house
This is the room
This is the bed
I come from lines of others and go to lines of mine
The life of mine
Phrases
Oraciones
It's fine to just listen with the right ear
Music no need to be in the middle to be understood
I'm obsessed that the change in frequency will affect my understanding
I don't understand because I'm distracted thinking
Jung was like a monster. An angel. A great God. He spoked as he believed
Major Parkinson has the answers
You never snap and that is the point
You have never not known what you where doing
You always knew you where moving.
That's why you stop and think
Where do I want to stick my thing into 
It's a thing
Things are things
My first notebooks weren't as chaotic as this
The insane was convinced that he was a misunderstood artist
He proclaimed that
Jung 
I'm always talking about the spirit 
The anointed one 
Some lines aren't related
I can see her enjoying it. That's why I recccomended it to her
People are there detecccting patterns in language
Art has to be honest
He told me that before
The first time I didn't listen
People have an exaggerated idea of the insane
And an exaggerated idea of the symptoms
Yo se que algunas se prenden en los juegos y otras no
Un infeliz 
Un infeliz
Become friends with the electric once again
It's the use you do
What's so wrong that is good
What's so good that is wrong
We can save it for later
But let me know if you change your mind
Sometimes I transcript lyrics or movies I hear
Why am I pursuing their interests
I told many people to play
And haven't invited them
If I don't invite him he won't come
But he will find out his way in eventually
I write about what happens to me and what all of you have to do with it
Going to bed with loud music
I had never wondered what was her belief of children
"... que era raro porque los chicos no se estresan"
De tal palo tal astilla
God loves his children
One in a million
Desperately crying
They don't know how to wait and make me think I can't wait
The golden age of grotesque was also highly conceptual
Of course he had them
Sade wrote to himself
I did shadow work
To write you just need peace
The peace of a cigarette
Heart of hickory
Thank you scientist
An entire band dedicated to say that
I am the architect
An intensive course is the way of seeing more possibilities in little time
Es una inversión a mi empresa
A veces no estamos todos invitados y está bien
Está en su derecho de juntarse con quién quiera
This is a sacrifice to an end
The wheelbarrow
Euthanasia roller coaster
That place is me
Society has something to say
Conditioned
Become friends with the night
Not every book is remotely the same
You have nothing but your philosophy
Verdugo
Verde
Don't by every bullshit
MongoDB, Express, React, and NodeJS make up the acronym MERN. The website will get a new dimension with the amalgamation of these different frameworks coupled with Node JS and Reactjs.
We don't need supply
We're abundance not scarcity
the deepest form of thought is writing
focus on the writer improving on their own ideas
lay out what you think 
lets sort this 
work through ideas before communicating them
essay means to attempt, to try
aim up
Calm you can think of everything
whitespace
Carriage return
Space
New Line
tab
==Be
I’m not a phone user. i’m a PC user.
nothing happens just because you dont resolve an issue. 
life goes on
vos crees que a vos hay que aceptarte como sos
the karmic dream comes and goes
I’m not making up words.
though one could
this fight in the body is the cause of the conflict in the mind. this plexus, absorved all the time. encorved. 
corvo
its just free association
no urgency
i can still think
you dont have to think about whats important all the time
thats what philosophers do. 
but philosophers also rest
they knew something was happening
her eyes are wrong and she sees me wrong
turn the mirror the other way
show others who they are
what we see is a part of who we are
by forcing myself to feel disgust, i saw the wrong part
i saw who was doing the scene
thats my projection
thats how i think someone could feel
this is a revolution 
but i dont know where its going
i realised 
I’m going to be completely honest in here
i forced myself to do stuff
all the time
i did not want to do nothing
nothing at all
in my depression i too discovered meditations
i never saw her relationship with her
always making a scandal
wanting to know about her social life
“why do you show me that?”
you are afraid that if you project that monster again on her, you might beforced to do something
we are how much truth we can handle
but what we handle is the feeling
nothing happens if we dont resolve an issue
life stays the same
i dont have to do nothing
i have to dream my own dream
even the darkest parts are my duty, the ones i dont want to look at, my past experiences
we’ve all had experiences
they are forcing us to talk about our experiences
they are reclaiming the system
they are doing a good job
many dont have the right angle
its still a question of power
but the ones lower claim to be with the highest
Monarchy
what happens all around the world
we should ping poing in people and then straight to god
off your wicked ways
too much rigidity can make her be forced to do something
i knew what i was doing
i didnt think that could happen
i got away from other kids
i was always lonely
loner
i embarrassed them
they didnt want my explanation
they interrogated
and judged
and yelled
or complete silence
i didnt knew what the fuck that was
my home was one of complete silence
even though the home was outloud
i just later realise 
empty your mind, so good new things can come out
people are growing up beyond imaginable
theres no advantage someone has over others
if we could all grow infinitely
carl jung make me brave
there are amuets that work for some time
i think of the brave and im brave
but then i forget
and i remember the weak
and how fragile i am
and how im going to die
all again
the karmic dream, restarts its cycle
Seen from where, the space does not harmonize?
downscale
no esta mal pensar mal pero hay que corregirlo
i have another center of balance
it is backwards
theres a pride in m posture
is it?
empty your mind 
let new ideas come
you dont need to deal with the problems of the world
not all of them
no one can 
with the weights of the planets
no one can carry the weight of the world
las drogas son consciencia universal
i feel even this is not mine anymore
she didnt love us
i want to 
el pueblo de dios es una nacion aparte
se basa en su propia constitucion
they study in the moment, they fix it in the moment
politicians
it does not matter if  its the right moment. 
it is right now
politicians
i want a life of peace
you cant keep ignoring the elephant in the room
yo me voy a hacer cargo de lo que es mi responsabilidad
an entire new front to work towards the same goal
To see something further
You cross the eyes more
Do only what you love or do not do at all
There's one teacher and one curious
$1000 4 litros
The person who says it cannot be done should not interrupt the person doing it
Beheading worms going under my skin.
In dreams I'm usually not impressed by what I'm seeing
Idea referencing
Everything is meaningful
Nothing unreal exists
"You're allowed to grieve the loss of intimacy"
That you can't perceive harmony doesn't mean there's chaos
Chaos in processing is what we have as a collective.
This is a breaking point for our mindset. We are approaching the peak.
Brother.
Brother the world.
What about father earth.
It's not random. This is just what I manage to write. In between there are conclusions.
"Everything is known" I say to myself.
Knowledge is knowledge or you don't know.
You just know things. You don't even know why.
The brain is a learning prediction machine
Drugs make the brain unpredictable
The devouring sun
The beheading rum
.
She didn't want to be with me knowing how crazy I was
She doubted me but still chose to stay
Se gave me a big kiss and looked me in the eyes 
Her eyes were so big and beautiful
I was fine with their decision
But I explained what was of the past and what is of the present
How can our mind picture this images
So perfect
So vivid
She touched me
We went upstairs and I jumped a bit of the stairs that were broken
It was a big old house
More looked like a tower
I like learning with others
Brunette
Maybe Vicki. Maybe Flori. Big brown eyes.
Devotion.
Submission.
Simpsons
They told me they had Marlboro common
I bought to packages
One was Philip Morris
In the moment I went there to change it, there it was a Marlboro red, even though the packaging was a plastic bag with a red label within it.
It was like a cinema. A corner open to the public with things to buy. 
Tomi was jealous of how much change I had in my pockets
The cashier made the same insinuation. Than only with change I was buying those cigarettes and that hamburger
Tomi crashed behind another car
I was laughing and didn't offer any help. He was fine only grumpy.
We went running from kiosco to kiosco. The first two were closed. One being the one in front of us with Barriola. 
Then we moved towards the one in the corner that found open.
After I ordered my cigarettes and hamburger I went outside to check if my friend wanted something.
He was looking at the women singing outside.
A choir.
I do this for them.
The music is them.
Not so ordered after all.
It must have been many the things he didn't approve of his children
Not easy
I know how I am now
My superpowers come from my scars
I don't know what they mean with
clarividencia
.
Filling the pages.
Your job is to find the right people to depend on
Meekness. Great power, restrained
Motivate and inspire others
Correlatio non esse causatio
No fear make one peaceful and free, not dangerous and harmful
How do you fight fear will tell you everything you need to know about your character
Eyes are fire
Ears are spirit
In space there's no matter
You are not your feelings.
Science deals with abstraction
El fuego serpentino
Everything is meaningful and I mean it
Philosophers seekers of truth
creative tasks, where rules must be broken for advancement to take place
they are highly intelligent, they will be regarded as underachievers
People low in orderliness are not disturbed, upset or disgusted by mess, disorder and chaos. They simply don’t notice such things (or, if they do, they don’t care). They see the world in shades of grey, not in black and white, and are very non-judgmental and devil-may-care in their attitudes toward themselves and others. They don’t use schedules, list, or routines and, even if they plan, rarely implement those plans, preferring to take things as they come, and let chance determine the outcome. They are not oriented toward detail and do not abide by rules or procedures.
People who are low in orderliness don’t care for routine and predictability. Their schedules are loose, their time unscheduled, and disruption doesn’t bother them. They require constant reminder and supervision to maintain attention and focus, and are too-easily distracted. They can, however, tolerate the mess, disruption and intervening periods of chaos that may accompany creative endeavour.
Emotionally damaged by music
Emotionally completed by music
What damages you completes you
Orderly people are more likely to have items such as event calendars, drawer organizers, laundry baskets, irons and ironing boards in their immediate environments.
extraversion is the primary dimension of positive emotion 
Extraversion is a measure of general sensitivity to positive emotions such as hope, joy, anticipation and approach, particularly in social situations.
 can keep quiet, when necessary, and are unlikely to blurt out information that might be better kept to themselves. They will express their viewpoint in meetings, but are typically not the first to do so. They are not generally known as talkative. 
People with moderately high levels of neuroticism are somewhat more likely to think that things have gone wrong in the past, are going wrong now, and will continue to go wrong into the future. 
more challenging for them to approach new, uncertain, unexpected, threatening or complex situations. 
People moderately high in withdrawal are a bit more likely than average to feel sad, lonesome, disappointed and grief-stricken. They tend to somewhat higher levels of doubt and worry, become embarrassed a bit more easily, are self-conscious and may get discouraged more rapidly in the face of threat and punishment. They feel more anticipatory anxiety than the average person. They are somewhat sensitive to social rejection, and can feel more hurt than might be expected. Once hurt, frightened, or anxious, as well, it takes them somewhat longer to recover.
Technically, withdrawal has been associated with activity in the brain systems that regulate passive avoidance.
Perhaps people moderately high in volatility tend to get upset if something bad does happen, while people moderately high in withdrawal (the other aspect of neuroticism) tend to be concerned that something bad might happen. Technically, volatility has been associated with activity in the brain systems that regulate fight, flight or freeze.
People characterized by the combination of high openness to experience and high neuroticism often undermine their own convictions and beliefs by questioning and making themselves lost and anxious. 
tend to read idea-centered books (most frequently non-fiction). 
The science of art is my religion
They are very imaginative, and love to daydream and reflect on things. They are uncommonly affected by music, often of many genres, and may be musical or artistic themselves (both of these are rare in the general population)
You can't see what's historical as urgent
There's millions of times ahead
Finewish
Expecting something to happen won't make it happen
Worrying about something happening won't make it happen
Just because you remember you haven't seen it doesn't mean you lost it
Start keeping a diary again
.
This woman who tried to kill her boyfriend, tired of him abusing her or fearing herself being killed. She lived right next to done neighbors, I don't know if religious or not. While I helped her escape, she checked her baby monitor than he was still down waters in that freezer, as she left him. Before we managed to go away, a car blocked me from behind while I was in reverse, then I got out of the aro avoiding any accidents, and stepped outside. We started talking with a few guys there, some of which I knew from before, being from my hometown. One of them a friend of a friend that supposedly made a video for us at some point.
Some dreams after, a horse trying to bite my hand. It was torpedo. I knew him and he was happy to see me. Though he only tried to bite me. This big black horse.
A youngling chained to what was an old butchers shop, or maybe an apartment. She'd been screaming for someone to get her out. I don't know who had access to that place nor if it was the same place where the boyfriend of that girl died.
After his head was covered in magazines in that freezer, he stayed immobile but after minutes the baby detector showed her that he was alive and recovering.
We were all invited to this 
After day thoughts are determined by the dreams we had prior
"Vos siempre fuiste muy inteligente" le dije a Demarchi, con el que compartí una conversación en la noche.
Gente buscaba una sala de ensayo, y era el garaje de al lado de mí casa. Mí viejo salió también y resulta que no era al lado si no al lado de al lado.
Había una entrada por una galería y una entrada a la vuelta. Yo fui a la de la galería para ayudarlos a encontrarlas. 
En los sueños reciclamos cosas del pasado y planteamos cosas del futuro.
En los sueños todo tiempo se mezcla.
.
He had to die because it was the greatest irony
Socrates told his students that what he was teaching was dangerous.
Then the students told their closed ones what he told. The populum told the politicians in power.
It's archetypical
Everything I know
These are the black books Jung talk about
That's why he named them
You name after archetypes.
That's the meaning of the names.
Not all of it is a power struggle, but some of it is.
The other one had questions for him, that's how it didn't end well.
In the spirit of ignorance
If I know I'm leaving I'm free.
I'll be good at deadlines.
You find order in divergent thinking.
All divergent thinking converges at one point.
Am I at risk? 
I tried.
It didn't work out.
I'll try 
Maybe they sold their things 
Would you die in her hands?
No I won't
They thought it was about the family. I don't know if it is. Not ultimately.
God is first.
The converging point.
The God that fails. Idles.
There's always a failing God and an emerging one.
Let the best book win.
Dad is more open minded. He learns.
They control the media, they control the minds.
We are in a conversation that doesn't interest is at all.
It won't be easy to leave but it will.
Weird your balls.
What's the fight for the best book called.
I make my own mythology forward.
They follow prophecies along the way.
The best philosophy is not dangerous and is for everyone.
I don't take it personally.
I don't shut up.
Jordan was one that just decided to blindly play along.
Going with words only.
I bring things to the table.
Cuánta gente que sale que no le gusta salir.
I will never go your way.
The cowardice at weak display
I do things at my own time. That's how I felt.
He believes in me more than she does.
I just know I'm not insane because of the things that I know.
We all have our own problems. 
And we live together in houses near each other.
We see each other doing things.
We have opinions of each other.
We believe to know ourselves.
You ask for something.
She disrupts the peace.
"Something among those lines"
All religious people are being prosecuted.
I eat their food. I live too comfortable.
I tend to be very specific.
Our virtues are also our defects.
It is a matter of degrees.
It's just divergent and convergent thinking.
It is too easy to hurt her.
Ella trata de fingir que no está mustia ella también.
Me tomo un par de birras para soportarla
They took their voices because it was freeing. Liberating. A way out of suffering.
They took a writer's writing and read them archetypically.
It is the same thing we have to see but from its complementary opposite.
We find the meaning in their words and not the other way around. The only one who did before was the one who wrote them.
Para mi es A o es B.
I have to deal with who I am.
It's a matter of one voice against the other
Meditate on the car.
Go somewhere to smoke joints and write.
Some books learn from us 
Philosophers are spiritual being that went all in there to find their own truths.
I'll carry my regrets
"Yo soy medio shenio". Ah mira vos. Si no me decías no me enteraba.
Everything I had was a plan
"Federico te veía y se reía"
"Tomas mucho vino vos"
Inventa
The breathe is the truth
Other people's reactions regulate yourself.
Self sufficient//overly detached
You will need to learn when it is time for you to do your own thing, versus time to include others
You may have a particular knack for recognizing the seed in an idea, the potential in an opportunity.
The energy needed to get something off the ground fires all your passion up, and gives you an immediate focus.
You may need to find ways in your life to do your own thing, and are likely to resist others attempts to define you.
Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life. Don’t be trapped by dogma — which is living with the results of other people’s thinking. Don’t let the noise of others’ opinions drown out your own inner voice. And most important, have the courage to follow your heart and intuition. They somehow already know what you truly want to become. Everything else is secondary. 
Steve Jobs – Moon in Aries. xD
lack of guile
I cannot waste my time.
Astucia is strategic thinking
there is rarely any malice or hidden agenda when you say what’s on your mind.
errors of judgment with you overstepping the mark, until you learn to balance this tendency with common sense. 
Truth and Justice as ultimate entities.
Embrace your warrior side
when you feel you are ‘fighting the good fight’ then you will feel at peace within yourself
I have but one passion: to enlighten those who have been kept in the dark, in the name of humanity which has suffered so much and is entitled to happiness. My fiery protest is simply the cry of my very soul. If you ask me what I came to do in this world, I, an artist, I will answer you: I am here to live out loud! – Emile Zola – Moon in Aries
I have no right telling them what to do with their house
much creative energy to get things off the ground
your innate innocence means you can succeed through sheer courage and purity of heart. Your courage can be an inspiration to others, and you do best in life when you direct your considerable energies toward the achievement of worthwhile causes bigger than just yourself.
Your normal state is likely to be placid, but you may become surprisingly enraged when provoked too far.
comfort isn’t always your optimal choice.
"I see what you have and I don't want it". It goes both ways
The good fight is in the spirit of ignorance
.
God is the spirit of ignorance
.
You write a part for each instrument
Start with the first one
See where the song ends
.
Single by single