Why would I take action in something I don't know if I'm interested in.


One line to remember during the day to think about. Just one.


Existencialism is deepest.


You don't think about mental images. That's stupid.


JBP gave us many answers.


I can only talk about what I've wondered.


I'm not deep when I'm with others. I'm human.


I can let go now. Because I know.


Hand on hand is how it's supposed to.


With the sunlight you see your eyelids and cheeks a lot more.


Play dirty. Guitar. Drums.


I reject the impulse even to write. It bothers me.


I'm gonna be artistic in my deliveries.


Writing while being with friends. They see you do it.
I found a good use for my phone. Writing. But what are the good moments to write? The ones I'd smoke a cigarette. The ones I'd waste.


I'm all of it. I have to embrace it. It's not that I want to.


I shouldn't write thinking about what the software would do with it.


I record however I want.


I reject what bothers me and accept what doesn't bother me.


I say things half joking most of the time.
Mines are half jokes.
I should write dialogues.
A play. For theatre.
It's more musically inspired.


Find value through meaning.


I should mean my departure. If not why leave?


Nada va a dejarme más en la tierra que mi propia familia y amigos.


Europa the magic world.
There's nothing new about it.
It's the same piece of land.
Reality will always be the same no matter what.


Esoteric screenplay.
Let's do magic with some fictional writings.


If I want to solve something, I think about it, as I've always done.


You do not have to know what the story is about.
Learn from Stephen King.


The writers enjoy writing most of time. It's not about stress. As philosophers enjoy thinking most of the time. They learn not to stress about it. It gentles your soul.


Crypto currency is short term risk. Volatile. No material thing backing it up. It's just trust behind it.


Shark tanks wouldn't be in a descentralized economy.


You postpone things you don't want to think about.


I know because of infinite possibilities, I can choose.


Se pueden hacer discusiones fuertes sin calentarse.


I'm going to break my guitar and give the pieces to the crowd.


Positive and negative energies that are in perfect balance. God is the mix of the masculine and feminine divine energies.


God is the perfect one. The one that is in the middle of both genders. Equally masculine equally feminine.


"Maybe Christianity also was something to rebell against. They took power by force and replaced the old wisdom with control. Who is the more enlightenmened the one whom accepts / obey / follow (the one and only way) or rebel? Good old fashion gaslighting. Think about it."
Comment on Alchemy 101.


Spirituality is beyond politics.


The juicy debates about politics


I just care for food for thought.


They have to also know your limits.


There's no more radical experience than life.


Buscar grabaciones de guitarra.
Organizar lo que ya tengo.
Dejar clean las que ya grabé.
Pasarle a alvaka.


Aprendo acá de grabación y de interacción con otros.


Llegaba a casa y no subía a saludar.


You can be trauma bonded into submission.


Choose the plays your are in.


The most subtle principles. Feminine energy.


"The word translated to Gd in Genesis, or creator gd, is a feminine noun with a masculine pluralization, showing that gd is both male and female. The word is elohim or אלוהים".


I'm of the outcasts.


It does not matter what I do. Truth is eternal.


Todos mis personajes son yo.
Partes de mí.


Un musico rengo. Un medio musico, porque me falta una oreja. 


La luz de la puerta del pasillo le daba luz a su viaje y lo despertaba. 


Despues de la tortura en la oscuridad empezas a ver cosas que no estan ahi. 


The destination of our souls. 


They just bring facts but little reason. 


They just point out the little, small scaled, long term consequences of an idea that has been distorted over time. 


Se saca los anteojos para hablar y se los pone de vuelta para leer. Lo usa para gesticular. 


Las consecuencias decantan espacio. 


You dedicate short times to the things that don’t interest you. So, if you have to, you make them intense. 


Free inquire and philosophy. 


Lower dimension philosophers also give reasons. 


Fascistic stablishments in Argentina. 


The facts don’t matter. 


They know they are free souls.


A bunch of angry men.


Only stay those to claim to be clean enough. Sooner or later they get dirtier, with all that anger and pain staining your soul. 


You don’t need to carry on with it. Christ already did it.


We buy billshit about how the world works. 


Success prevents you from giving up on yourself and others.


This is the plant telling me all these things.
School is where all the books where. 


Thinking religion is a form of evil.


Meeting the enemy. 


Dark souls is an analogy of our selves. 


I can’t distinguish words with my right ear. 


Catholicism had too much power.


CFK cooked him up for years prior to his suiciding. Ejem.


You can’t sense how others sense their bodies. 


Follow what shines some light.


You don’t see them sensing their bodies.


You can get out of your head with poor distraction. 


I always try to focus now. I no longer crave to be distracted.


Those times I take a deep breath and say to myself, life is good.


I should find a comfortable spot for writing. 


El rock es protesta y rebeldia.


Es muy fingido Dannan pero se anima a todo. 


No one buys entirely your bullshit.


Ejemplos de que puede decirse lo que sea.


“Mira, a esto lo escribi yo”.


Como musico, un mediocre.


Mientras existan politicos, rock will never die. 


No todos conocen los beneficios de la controversia.


All publicity is good publicity. I shine light on the same concept. 


What’s not to like about books.


Order is not a bad thing.


My eyes hurt, to clear. 


I barely can remember what it was like to be they way I was.


Sometimes, visions mix with reality. 


Bibliomancia in the old ways. Books of phrases. It is what it is. A book of phrases.


Perfeccionista venido a menos, como todo perfeccionista. 


You have to have new eyes to see it. 


Forever dissociated. My rooms are not where they are supposed to. 


Miracles do happen, they  are just not what you think they are. 


Nuestra piel tiene ventosas. Si hay en nuestra piel. 


Estas diciendo lo obvio y te sentis tan intimo. 


Intimo con lo obvio. 


Satan shines light in the dark. Not bad, but dangerous. 


The rabbit hole goes back in time. 
All time get’s mixed up in the rabbit whole. 
Time travels.


Intrascendente. 


Good intentions can’t be seen. 


As much as I try I can’t hear textures with my right years. 


Women dancing their asses to men on the stress. Anti-pathriarchal.


Sleeping with the devil - Johnny Young. 


Pappa said the same. 


How much nicer would it be to write on thick paper, on a hand-made notebook. 


I will attract the bad, but also the good. You can’t avoid the bad that comes with all good things. 


The bad is part of the good. There’s this kind of necessity to it. 


I don’t listen to debates to hear ranting. 


I’m one of those interesting people. We have in common that we all say the same without knowing each other.


Nothing genius about having a thought. Better said, everything genius about having a thought. Everyone has thoughts, but not everyone thinks in the right way. You think having in mind how reality works. But you also make up the mechanics of any reality in your mind. 


Your first right is being exactly where you are. 


I’m not ashamed of God or myself. I’m afraid and ashamed of what they may think. But there’s nothing I could do to prevent others from thinking what they do about me. I know that well.


Is my handwriting good or bad. Beautiful or ugly? Legible, not legible. 


I don’t have to be the most down to earth.


People remember only when you are not around. 


What would make them stop?


Horror. Framing device. Types. Each classify each types.
Redemptive(internal)/retributive/cosmic(external).


Horror is a puritanical genre in a lot of ways. 


Factors for ultimate demise. 


Redemptives are for personal daemons.


I couldn’t decide over it. Almost as if I had no choice. 


The man in the dungeon is a book. There’s war outside. The last scene he walks through bullets, crying free, seeing all that is beautiful.


His old self finds him in his cell, gives him the potions to grow and break free.


Horror is connected with christianity. 


Dharmatic. 


Lovecraft. 


Purgatory is when we purify our sins. 


I won’t be able to analyze myself. 


The last exorcism. 


The ring is like begotten.


Derranged. He wants to be the one to find the secrets of creation. 


The thing about thoughts you don’t believe, is that if you don’t listen to them, you might consider them in the future and this time, you’ll have doubts.
“This movie causes people to slowly go crazy”. You don’t believe it. You watch it. Years later you go crazy. You wonder if that’s what made it happen. 


Women. 


French experiencing love. 


It follows is dharmatic. 


Have sex with someone as quickly as possible. Endless stream of suffering. It follows.


Cosmic. The horror comes from outside. 


Protesta es protesta. 


Por que todos querriamos protestar por todo.


“Insane”. Everything is interpreted as if she was crazy.


Most of the time I’ve spent it looking nowhere, my eyes crossed. 


Why can’t we all see the truth. How different the world would be. 


It’s all there, but it’s a puzzle. It is a book of phrases because that’s what it is even if I didn’t intend them to be.


A collection of phrases. 


Transcript writing is living always in the past. 


Every line is an analogy of the god’s creation of the universe. GD.


No one can tell me how I feel my ears.


With the earplugs, writing on my bed. 


No one knows what’s true and what’s fiction. I could be writing in the bathroom being in my room or writing in 1900’s, being in my rooms. 


They were very different times. 


Success seems inevitable.
 
Terrible drawback. 


How do you know how much happened and what didn’t? 


I see so much strange shit in my head. 


Dead sniffing coke, writing on bed. Unhealthy habits.


Maybe I wasn’t speaking about/through me.


Si escribiesemos con las dos manos no se cansarian. 


Si mando cualquiera, tengo que retractar. 


La muerte muerte del espiritu. 


Do things for your own good even when you don’t want to; specially if you don’t want to. 


Just revelation written down.


Tesla was just in his room. 


You’ll get just all the answers. 


Printable books save in cloud for future prints. Mix them with old books. 


Bibliomancy. Adquiring knowledge by making random words resonate. 


Life as an oracle. 


By the river, I have a friend, with a bigger cosmology.


Such is our Home Sweet Home.


One chapter from each book. I write in it the lines I have underlined or thoughts it triggers.


My mind functions with my own eyes. 
Glasses made it different. Mostly during the night.


Ed had bad eyesight.


Quiero saber si mi abuelo consiguió encontrar la paz.


Comunismo capitalista.


Living in the moment I do all mental tricks.
I don't have to regulate it.


The analytic mind appears after the first cross.


Neurosis por un lado; psicosis por el otro.


Ser objetivo no es lo mismo que ser imparcial.


Los padres a sus hijos declaran sus gustos como verdades.


“Free speech is the bedrock of a functioning democracy, and Twitter is the digital town square where matters vital to the future of humanity are debated".


You could manipulate.
But you don't have to. 
And you do not need to.
That's why you don't do it.
It's not that you don't know how.


Repartir para todos.


The consciously righteous is a virtuous stoic.


Characters are mirrors of inner essence.


You can recapture everything you've once had.


Inverted. Becoming as children.


The monster has seven heads.


Is it an excuse really, to not be able to work because of family and friends? Is hard for me to focus just on my projects when others are around, and I don't see my projects fitting anywhere here. 


Sex and violence was introduced as art.


No nos traía nada nunca cuando iba a la cocina.


Every line is encrypted.


I forget I also write to feel better.


Sometimes your impressions 


We don't talk about impressions.


You can realise their beliefs for the things they say.


You don't talk about general cases to describe particular cases. You talk about particular cases to describe general cases.


There's a pattern. Already been covered.


Escohotado hizo su parte develando la verdad. Cómo bien el dijo, hizo su deber y escribió "historia general de las drogas". No importa si tenía ganas. Igual lo hizo y lo publicó. Y después para siempre fue el de las drogas.


Voy a entregar mi música hand on hand. 


When I talk about my life, everything is bright.


Las caras que después les hacía a mis amigos primero las hacía con ella.


Yo tengo muchas formas, y todas se dan naturalmente. Por tomar la realidad como viene, es lo que pasa. Uno es la mejor forma que se adapta al contexto. 


Siblings heal their relationship without telling each other, because they know where they come from.


To stop for one line is stupid.


Writing fiction is not boring.


He, a psychologist, and has never met a pervert. 


The ping pong of phrases.


Everyone I know will be dead by the time this comes out.


Sometimes you just don't want to think that much.


A software that's a journal that is encrypted and connected to a cloud. And if you don't open it for a set of time (you set how much time or if the option activates at all) it will be published in the cemetery of black books for everyone to download and read.


You had to rush before she lost interest.


Nunca nos dejaba quedarnos en casa.
Nos obligaba a salir.


I don't care about my reputation. If that's all there is to it.


Characters tell about their universe in their dialogues.


The character is famous and has random encounters with anonymous people.


Put your characters in funny situations. 
Put your characters in sad situations.
Put your characters in terrorific situations.
Put your characters under stress. 


How the world reacts to the character, changes.


It's a call for all the ashamed to come out.


If you hold. A big mass will come out.


It felt good to do exactly the opposite to what one was told. But because one is told many things unjust.


If I still hold its meaning, I can change the way it was written. Not ever is going to be the same.


I use the number 2 to meditate on number 1.


Uno se expresa de la mejor forma que puede.


Do I have to choose a best friend? I love all of them.


You would love all humans equally if you'd only see their humanity.


I record my entire song.
All tracks, I send them to randoms for them to record the rest. I send a drum track to a guitarist. A guitar track to the drummer. All of my songs in their different versions.


Maybe it's just time to get use to.


Voy a ir. Aunque sea solo.


It just takes time to adapt.


Sometimes I want to be random. 
Sometimes I want to be focused.
Sometimes I want to be empty.


Empty your mind.
On purpose. That's how it refills.
Stop giving us information.


Do funny stuff without thinking about.
You know how much is funny for you.


Hay cosas que son amor y hay cosas que son patéticas.


"Sos puro teclado".


Podes seguir dando vueltas sobre tus realizaciones o dejarlas y buscar nuevas. No tenes que darle vueltas a nada que no quieras.


I never have to worry about doing or not doing.
I'm always in control of my decisions and my actions.
I'm stoic in my pursuit.


Raised by regret.


She made me regret being born.


There's a place for that. But why make it conscious when you don't need it.
That exists because it fits. Where it fits is up yo you.
You can build your spirit from scratch.


The journey is voluntary.


Nada de lo que aprendí era funcional al sistema.


I'll deal in the future what's of the future.


Embrace all as good times.


Their chest and our… Cómo se dice ombligo en inglés?


Le decíamos a el que ella estaba enojada y nos decía que no.


Slams doors and storms out.


The second time you play a game is best, because now you have some memory.


Rdr2 is about making Arthur have a good life.


Smart is not the right word. Clever.


Too many walls, not enough bridges.


Tension, tension, tension, tension. Jumpscare.
I'll do only my duty.


You can make up whatever story to make everyone a degenerate. If degenerate's value equals zero, why not prefer to be all dead.


I'd teach everyone to be a philosopher.


I can act as if I had no consciousness.
You only act as if it's you don't act as.


Jesus forget, but he also remembered.


Posting is acting.


It's never a bad time to do your duty.


As if I heard everything further away.


Se mueve líquido dentro tuyo.


El estrés lo que hace es desconcentrarte en lo que estás enfocado.


Tenés que andar afuera lidiando con sus comentarios.


Narrar es ir y venir.


Knowledge compilator.


The source of all pain because she gave you life. So I guess it depends on how grateful you are for life. If your resent, you'll hate. If you appreciate, you'll love even the source of all pains.


There's abuse and reactive abuse.


The measure of a man is what he does with power.
Plato.


All your actions, good or bad, backlash if towards an abuser.


Turn ego into soul.
Soul, the always constant. Ego, the ever changing.


I relate to the successful uncomprehended. 


The mummy was a favourite film of mine growing up.


In the way you organise your files you can organise your thoughts.


How many people do you need to change a curtain? 
As many as mom says.


We are incrementing our brain power evolutively.


The dangers of dreaming.


Drop all spiritual realisations and start fresh of today.


Father. Aged and wilfully blind.


Personally, I love to look at it from the Horus-Set-Osiris perspective, and you can find a nice discussion of it in Antidote to Chaos. Osiris is tradition (Father: aged & willfully blind). Horus is the god of attention and also a precursor to Christ (Son: can and does see things even when difficult, although not quite "rationality"). Set is a powerful and evil adversary (Horus's uncle, and Osiris's brother). Set murders Osiris, and Horus and his uncle have a terrible battle, and Set plucks out one of Horus's eyes. Although Horus eventually prevails and takes back the eye from Set and banishes him from the kingdom.
.
Here's the really interesting and relevant part: Horus now makes a voluntary journey to the underworld and gives the eye to his father (perhaps one of the oldest examples of "rescuing your father from the belly of the whale" in myth?)
.
Essentially your encounter with malevolence / evil is terrifying enough to even damage the vision of a god; and that the attentive son can restore the vision of his father. 
.
Culture is always near-dead, even if it was established by some of the greatest minds of the past. But present is always in a constant flux. So the wisdom of the past gets outdated (in direct proportion to difference between the present and the past. This is the meta-meta-meta test of time. But on top of that culture / ancient wisdom can also be corrupted from voluntary, willful blindness to the horrors of existence. It's then a responsibility to see what's before the eyes, courageously, stare it down and learn from it (especially when it looks horrible and even if that horror traumatises your consciousness and half-blinds you). This is crucial all the more when what you see challenges what you know / rely on, and destabilizes you.
.
Telegram


The son is me in its last form.
The father is me in its parental form.


La Vale sostenía un libro que se llamaba "the dangers of dreaming". 
El río había rebalsado por la parte de atrás.


The dangers of being obsessed with spiritual realisations is being consumed by them for not coming back.


Every session of spiritual realisations require a fresh start. Coming back to moment cero.


No podes vivir una película.


Do you like art?
Mjm… Hitler painted.
Do you like dogs?
Mjm… Hitler loved animals.


For the things you are curious about, you look up close.


We have one killer Daemon.
One humiliation Daemon.
Their only relation to us is us to them.


Hello poronga pija Chofa hi Aschkar
Bsjsks.


Crecer no es sino la madurez de los significados que tenemos de las cosas. No es una cuestión de edad sino de conocimiento o entendimiento del mundo. Hay visualización infantil de la pobreza y de la muerte cómo así de la riqueza y de la vida. No hay villanos ni héroes en la realidad. Hay personas.
.
La primer canción debería ser la que tenga la intro más potente de todas. Estaba escuchando recién The Ceiling - Lewis Del Mar y me di cuenta de que a los diez segundos estaba guardando la canción porque me impactó la intro. Diez segundos, literalmente.
.
Siguiendo esta lógica de que el álbum debería organizarse de acuerdo a la atención, debería poner el tema de instagram tercero o cuarto. 
.
El gran ejemplo de las materialización y su  evolución es el lenguaje. No existía antes de nosotros.
.
El que habla materializa. Lo que materializó es parte del mundo lo que no. No. Existe.
.
Podría hacer la evolución del lenguaje en cada época a lo largo de la historia.
El lenguaje como protagonista.
.
Tengo que retener un cuestionamiento al día y compararlo con todo lo demás. Lo del lenguaje surgió por una delirada de fumado y al final termino siendo la respuesta a mí consigna de escritura para el mundial.
Si retengo un cuestionamiento fijo como mí constante, obtendré mucho conocimiento sobre este cuestionamiento en particular y tal vez sobre unos cuantos más.
No tengo que involucrarme en que cosas pienso y que no. Debo dejar a la experiencia y a mí mente que me den material fresco para comparar.
.
Podría también tratar del abuso de sustancias 
Creo que lo que hice ese día del kundalini awakening fue conectar todo lo que me decían con lo que había estado escribiendo las últimas 12 o 13 horas.
Tengo que aprender un concepto al día y compararlo con todo lo que me pase 
Es el termo de mate de aquel experimento en que lo fije en mí memoria cuando salí a dar una vuelta de horas. Pensaba en su tamaño y el espacio que ocupaba en la habitación mientras yo no estaba ahí. Todavía me acuerdo de esa introspección. Me acuerdo de la mesa sobre la que estaba.
.
El ejercicio puede ser de la evolución de una adicción, contando los momentos en primera persona.
.
Puede ser la evolución del asco que se agarran las parejas con el paso del tiempo.
.
El desgaste del planeta tierra.


El tiempo es todo el tiempo.


Don’t do what tribes do, because we are in this one altogether. 
Existence. No one can escape it. 


Whatever is not a phrase to meditate on, should be put into another category. 


Why wouldn’t I learn to do my own books? Design, printing. 


Los numeros romanos son tambien puntos, vistos de arriba. Un punto rojo cada cien, uno negro cada diez. Roda tu dado y busca tu frase.


A set of dice to this program. Randomizer. 


We all need a stamp. Ex libris. 


I know I could smoke, I just won’t do it. 


There’s certain fun to win over your vices. 


Una vida de glamour. 


I obsessed myself with fixing something that was never a problem until it was mentioned. 
Noticed. 
Was never broken to start with. 


How else will I write if I don’t put my ass down. 


There’s god in you. 


Una vida de glamour/elegancia. 


Es exactamente como tiene que suceder. Solo afuera esta el ego. Adentro somos dioses. Afuera nos recuerdan nuestras nombres de mortales. Los nombres con los que ellos mismos nos bautizaron.
Fefo.
Federico.
Chucho.


I will own my name. 


“Fefo” was my first name. The first one I responded to. I didn’t know my name was Fede. Otherwise, it wouldn’t have sounded so strange to me. 


Fefo is my kid’s name. 
I sat on dad’s chair. 
Dad went to the kitchen and on his way there he called my name and sincerely smiled after seeing me there so early.
 
Te busca con la mirada horrible.


Ella tambien habia sido alguna vez buena con el. 


He did not want to do that. But he didn’t know that.


The wrong place at the wrong time. That’s all that it takes. 


Do not be so quick to discard luck.


What’s more scary than a psychopath living with you. 


They wish they were with me.


Each time is unprecedented. 


The psychological rebirth of every philosopher and writer. 


Get distracted with something better.
 
Careless will strike from when I’m not looking. 


You can’t become something without being reborn. 


I write about the things that concern myself. 


Add the magic that lacks in the world. 
Spread magic. 


We don’t need just reality. Why be against magic.


Enchanting styles that create memories. 


Bookbinding workshop.


Weaponised compassion.


You can personalise your books in countless ways. 


Termoencuadernadora vale la pena?


Phrases to write on. The phrases at the center of each paper. Square, simil album, notebook.


A double sided square notebook. To write forth and back. With phrases.


Este no es el momento de dejar la marihuana. Pero si de dejar de no hacer lo que tengo que hacer. Mucho menos por estar fumado. Escribir no es primario. Es secundario. Si algo mas debiera estar haciendo. Hacer eso primero. 


Trasncribir tambien es deber. 


Books are something I’m actually interested in learning more about. 


Pursue your interests.


Find better distractions. 


Find better problems. 


Everyone will have a different version of the same story, because I’m not even sure what caused my scars, exactly. 


I will own my many names.


Perfekt I en drom.


Things can turn dark pretty fast. 


Everything bright but one’s head.


I’ll call my head head. That’s how I called it. 


She spelled me. 
Casted on me.


The horrors of going deaf. 


La musica se oye mas apelmazada? 


I knew that sooner or later this was going to happen. 


For me, it’s the end of times as I knew it. 


Everything has to be transcripted. 


I need nothing not even my body. 


How can I carry something from a previous life? All the previous lives transcurred during this life. 


Hay un monton de frecuencias que ya yo escucho. 


Alrededor de otros, sereno. 


No me aguanto las ganas de pedir un cigarro.
Es como agacharse a juntar faso. 


Hay un monton de frecuencias que ya no escucho. 


I can live with everything that’s not death itself. 


More vivid imaginations.


Fucking hell I don’t know how I’m holding it together. 


You can cut off dharma.


Trances can be as strong as you want them to be. 


You cannot break reality but you can distort your perception. 


El voto joven compra la magia.


My right ear sounds like crystals.


Things you want in the book of phrases and things you do not want. 


Do not be scared for the sins of others.


You haven’t felt so wrong in a while. 


Answer with love to all.


Religion to make the separation. Discernment of values. 


Many dates abandoning me because of alcohol.


I just want a clean slate.


Forever muffled. 


Blinds from birth do not dream of images. If they could, they’d prove God. 


Images, emotions, ideas, sensations. 


We start seeing slowly. 


What the blind dream of… How do they think. They hold a structure. Made of what substance. Ours is also images from previous thoughts.
Auditive images?


I liked daredevil’s animations of the sound.


Tasting in dream (18%); smell (30%); touch (70%); hearing (86%).


Dreams are universal.
 
The blind have a lot more nightmares. 


Transportation. 


You don’t have your own voice. Any voice is your own voice. 


Jesus thought. 


Emotions in videogames left me unstable. 


Innocence (ignorance implicit) gets you addicted. 
When you are addicted you don’t do it for the pleasure anymore. 


No tengo que definir mi vida ahora. 


Los programas de medicos, policias y abogados son propaganda politica (herramientas de).


Las palabras van a quedar exactamente como las escribi. 


Algunas lineas me dan cringe. 


De los filosofos no importan las palabras sino sus pensamientos (lo que es valioso). La palabra es para los escritores. 


Y si sos bueno escribiendo un guion, va a estar bueno todo. 


Cuando no se nos ocurre nada que hacer decir a un personaje, es que no hemos ahondado en a historia nosotros, autores. 


Nothing moves without you making it move.


What other forms that can take, I do not know. 


Develop the capacity to enjoy less. 


Political infighting. 


Social and moral critic. 


“Might makes right”.


Improve athenians sense of justice. 


The wiser one is the more aware of his own ignorance. 


No true philosopher has a fear of death. 


By using software you become the software. 


Estoy todavia de duelo por mi oido.


Todo habla de eso y esta expresado en los mismos libros. 


I know nothing.


Impiety. 


I was waiting for inspiration to come.


Oligarchy. Eight months. 


Treasoned by former students.


There is no escape.


Every citizen of the state entered into a social contract so if we are condemned, we comply. We obey. 


They know they have a tool named mind, but they don’t know how to use it. 


Individuals are a risk to the nation.


Symbol of the power of the State.


Either envy him or admire him grossly. 


Thje oppressive power of the State crushing the individuality of the free spirit. 


Seventeeneightyseven. Jacques Louie Marie.


The Phaedo of Plato. 


I used to love all words. Then I met the bad ones and begun to hate them. 
How do you dettach yourself from them?


Dramas familiares tenemos todos. 


Desde que me lance a pensar, siempre tuve la escritura para ayudarme a haccer grounding. 


Que nada saque lo peor de ti. 


Nadie esta excento de su peor versión. 


Calvo, sordo.
Cabeza de balon. 
Cabeza de rodilla.


Apotheosis of the soul. Death embraced. 


Stoic commitment to an abstract principle. 


Strength over passion.


Crito.
Plato.


A painful memory of Plato. Socrate’s death. 


You can get lost in the labrynth.


Symbolic thinker. 


Bridge the ancient with the modern. 


Twenty’s crisis.


The language of creation. 


Funny things are already there for your to notice. 


Adivinanzas perversas. 


You find a pattern where you can guess. 


Non writers don’t know what they are missing. 


The pattern: the world has infinite details. We are able to perceive unities in our mind but they do not exist in reality. 
But they do exist in reality, actually. 


How accordingly do we need to live? Can’t we be healthy expressions of ourselves? 
God finds us in the particulars. 


You can perceive parts of things and the entirety of things. 


We have a capacity to compress reality into unity. Condense it.
It also happens with time. You can compress. String together elements. That has a pattern. 


“Sometimes I don’t want to think anymore”, I confessed. 


Thinking is the minimal act of life. Don’t despise it. 


Thinking is acting. 
Thought is action. 


The rotten heads. 


Certain events go together. 


Great sentences are a little play for the mind. 


You can fail to find a resolution.


Every story we tell has that pattern.


Clases de misticismo y religion. Secciones. Como encontrar el patron de la verdad. 


Un monton de gente ensenando a otro monton de gente a bajar a la realidad. 


I know what I am because I can’t define it. That singularity you cannot get. 


Thoughts could be too scattered. People might still be seeing things long after those things are gone. “This too shall pass”. As it has passed infinite times before. 


I bet Buddha suffered a lot during his childhood, being son of that man.


The worst was introduced to me through art. Thank you. 


Order and disorder. 


Certain patterns guide our interactions. 


It’s like a dance. 


You have this patterns. 


Religious rituals, are inevitable. Symbols, patterns. 
Bind us together. Symbols.


Siempre corte solo. Nunca me senti ni quise sentirme parte de nada. 


Intuition is there for a purpose. I always had it, then shut it down. 


You can experience life the other way around. You are the storyteller. 


Bad thoughts are reasonable and if you can be influenced, you’ll take miracles for ordinary. Life if you didn’t need it. 


I was always trying to humble myself. 


What do you want me to do? Are you asking to the voice in your head? Let me tell you that you are wrong. The voice is yours, the images are yours. What’s yours to create is meaning. The whole story in multiple meaningful ways that are also true. 


I won’t make the same mistakes they did. 
That’s what I tell myself. 


I acted like truth didn’t matter. 


All my thoughts pointing at myself. 


Either you repress and let it explode. 


You meditate to find the center of your body. I can’t find it elsewhere than by sight. My ears are angulated. 


It was always me creating it and recreating it. 


I can psychoanalyze myself from what I’ve seen, heard, felt or thought in an event.


I don’t need to think of it. 


The old world is crumbling. 


It’s shown what’s possible. 


Moderation. Don’t raise. 


I’ve never felt a switch in health. I should experience that. 


Beyond the mechanical, there is meaning. 


Monstrosity. Evil intention. 


Engage it that way, deal with it that way. 


You can never explain the cause of your emotions, nor by explanation reexperience them. 


Terrifying.


I have to see the drop in the whole pond. 


Suffering refined into gold. 


The philosopher’s stone instead of gold. 


They make you die by the irony of your own expression of self. 


The philosopher’s stone is made of gold. 


Who cares what I write. 


A kind of Glory. 


The philosopher’s stone the only thought materialized because philosopher’s where transformed by them. 


Suffering into blessing. Turn. 


We are the body. 


The world is changing/ending really fast. 


Hopefuly we can participate in the light part of it. 


Music in my head sounds perfectly. 


Are we able to dream without eyes? Of course we can would be my guess. 


Everything in the mind is effortless.
It's the body that causes trouble.


Provide tools for the new creativity.


Fun but always with others.
Find the things that are funny.


Don't get sucked by those who trips.


I didn’t know where it would lead. A leap of faith. 


They escalated their tupidity.


There are people who didn’t suffer. 


Cultivate masses with books. 


Pick up my book once a day. 


Booktube. 


Goodreads is food for thoughts. 


You do things for the benefit. 


When it’s about pleasures the benefit is little or temporary. 
You don’t need that source of power. 


Asi funciona Dios. Yo me muevo para alla y el se mueve conmigo. 


Chest consciousness. 


TVR. TV rent.


If you don’t love it, leave it. 


Keep a book with you at all times. Even a few minutes. 


Sacrifice screentime. 


Do something else. 


Read before bed. Quiet mind, better sleep.


You retain the most information before you sleep.


Annotate. 


You can contribute single handedly to other’s love for literature/existence/life. 


You can contribute to other people’s love towards their life. 


If he does that to me, I’m going to look him in the eyes. 


I’m going to cast a spell on you. 
If you do that to me. I’m going to stare at you. You’ll get reactive at first. Maybe violent. Agressive. But if you don’t kill me, I’ll stare back at you. To see you see me in the eyes with no shame. But truly see me. Not that thing you do with your eyes. One’s stare should be firm. 


You do things for the benefit. If you do want permanent results, wok a bit every day. You do things as they work. Fasting is one practice that should be carried on. 


If they liked me so, I could be so annoying. Intense.
 
I couldn’t have done this without weed. With has more benefits than harms. 


Literary alchemy. Offer some of my passion because I have infinite. 


Beta the provider. 


How many smart people. 


Seasons of vice. 


I could be the worst, I could be the best. It requires one to be the other. 


Paradox: you can be the worst and best at the same time. 


The product has to be something concrete. 


A man of nature. 
Own nature must be found in the outer nature. 


“Make them believe the majority thinks this”. Propaganda. Communist or fascist. 
There’s a misuse of information. 


I’m acting and reenacting. 


So stoned the Julio and I.


Avatar the way of water.


Breathe through the mouth. Shut down your nose. 


Team Jackle. I read myself and tremble.


Trumble?


What’s up. 


Only the bad Chima can play competitive. But it’s a game. It’s fine to be bad in a videogame. 


Get your worst out during game, pause game, pause evil. 


That what FPS games are for. Killing machine. 


Tell the truth about your past present future to build the structure (of reality) around it. 


Why no write how I write. 


Reality has a structure in mechanics. We need to integrate it in our psyche. 


Writing. I can focus on it. 


Organized games. 


Nice calls. 


Algunas son frases. 


La tragedia del cancer por fumar son los cigarros que no disfrute. 


“No le pego a una vaca adentro de un baño”.


Why would they call the bible “the ultimate truth”. 


La verguenza se pierde una sola vez. Julio. 


El dolar cerro 220. 


What’s the “Juicy” part of smoking weed. I think it’s its peak. 


Plans appear before me. Opportunity. 


It could be visual, If i’d let it. Visual and auditive trip. 


Las plantas me hablan. Se mecen con el viento. 


Free like a bird. 


A veces no se que escribir porque me siento a esperar escribir en vez de dejarme ir para poder pensar en algo. 


Lo que ganas es la habilidad de tener completo control; posesion de tu cuerpo. 


You don’t have a body. You possess a body. What gets in you are other spirit but those spirits are also part of you. 


Ahi esta la linea, where it feels wrong. Podria haberme salvado la oreja. Me di cuenta y no me movi. Lloro por el dano que me hice cuando aun tenia los oidos sanos. Para toda la vida. So build a commitment. 


Anda con tu musica de falopero a otro lado. 


That will never go away, but instead of being the center of my universe is in the periphery. 


One cries for his condition. We all have had it. 


Horrible en el viaje que me meto cuando me meto en los malos viajes de los demas. Algunos experimentan placer con el mal viaje de los demas. 


Horrible el viaje que te quieren hacer comer algunos. 


Flashar alguna es ver u oir o sentir cosas que no estan ahi. La marihuana hace eso. 


“Si no queres poner tu mail, usa prototype”. 


Work is building something with others, together. 


Frozen, you flash. High level of focus or high level of distractions. 


I clench my body in a certain way. 


My body does certain things. Let it. 


I want to something but know that it’s not real. 


Fighting intruders with a broken wrist. 


Tell the truth so you can build reality around you. 


Make sense of reality. 


Pedile a Dios que se te rebele/revele.


Dios es lo que vos quieras que sea. 


Adoration to icon is idolatry. 


Orthodox a lot more mystical. 


Churches are strict. Justo agarre dos biomes antes de venir afuera y justo se me acaba la birome. Suerte para agarrar las dos justo hoy. Y agarrar la que venia usando estos ultimos dias en vez de la otra que era identica y se habia mezclado. 


It is that extreme. You can experience true sensations, great transformation, sitting, on your own couch. 


Peripheral hallucination. 


God reveals himself to you in psychodelics. 


Mushroom were before most were. 


Who put the mushrooms on earth? 


Algunas son frases otras no tanto. 


Touch parts of yourself with the pen. To focus somewhere you haven’t before. 


When you know the truth, a lot of doors reveal themselves to you. 


Things reveal themselves to you. 


The way spiritual texts are written is because they refer to the universe in relation to you and not you in relation with the world. 


Hay muchos tipos de pensamientos. 


Parece que hacerlo secreto no funciona. A los cuatro vients entonces. Como sin querer queriendo. 


Plants look like monsters today. 


Quien diria que la mejor luz para escribir estaria afuera, en el patio. 


Escribo afuera con una mano en una olla de agua helada. 


Concentrate en una sola cosa. Medita. 


Concentrate en una sola cosa, no importa lo que esa cosa sea. 


Thoughts that monks have had. 


The position wasn’t comfortable. 


Cold will fix me. 


What you are in your inmost being. The problem of who you are. 


Manso como la paloma, prudente como la serpiente.


I am one and no one.




Extraño las PC de escritorio. 
Nunca me senti comodo con las notebooks. 
Y no tengo casa a donde volver a ellas. 


The dark descent just goes up. 


I’ll stay in the surface as long as I want to. 


Las letras son en realidad luces blancas en un fondo negro, no tinta negra en fondo blanco. Esa es una necesidad de la materializacion del conocimiento. En la mente, es al reves. Pitch black, then light. 


You shine light in the center of the mirror.
And you reflect. 
You are the light. But can’t know the light without the mirror. 


El bajo armoniza por sobre la melodia. Es el bajo. Va mas grabe que la guitarra y la engloba. Es la capa por sobre las demas capas. Es la burbuja que engloba. 


Soñe que mi hermana me contaba que mi madre habia muerto. 
Soñe que el disco de lenny kravitz era una verga porque lo graba el solo. 
Soñé que me chapaba a una chica que me gustaba mucho. 
Soñe toda la noche pero apenas esto recuerdo. 


Bass tracks glues all together. 


The truth unveils all.


They make us so afraid of mirrors. 
Mirrors are there so you can check that you exist.


Recycle your money. 
Do not get greedy. 


Seek health so you don´t have to die unnecesarily. 


Deceived and scammed by smart people.


La patria es un desafio, no un negocio.


La cabeza de Goliath. El Estado. 
Ezequiel Martinez Estrada. Una cabeza gigante en un cuerpo raquitico. La cabeza la quita la sangre. No deja crecer al cuerpo.


Sabotean la escuela. 
La usan para dar adoctrinamiento. 


Dirigencia politica sin vocacion de servicio. 


Se sientan a hablar pavadas. 


Nos quieren brutos. 
Nos quieren pobres. 
Sin empleo. 
Sin educacion.


I’ll make breathing my drug. 


“Desconocen a la republica argentina”. 
“Tendriamos que aprender de los uruguayos”.


My sacrifice is just writing my soul out. 


Vuelvo por otros. 
Me voy por mi.


Veremos si el titanic se pone cada vez mas rojo. 


Ideas take time to develop.


They believe I’m weird. They believe I’m fun. They believe I’ll judge.


All people that has ever existed has only lived their lives. Employees and Prophets alike. Philosophers and tribalists.


Contribuir al debate público. 


I'm going to enjoy refusing what I don't need.


La educación es encender una llama. No completar un recipiente.
Sócrates.


Music transcends those who create it.


Art transcends those who create it.


The left takes things to an extreme and violently pushes back.


She never stopped pushing, and that's her mistake.


 I came back just to confront my inner child. The one exploding with emotions. 


Emotions aren’t bad. They are used. Good servants but bad masters. As thought is. 


No one ever did nor will take away your creativity. That is yours and yours alone and it is not conditioned but natural. 


Water the only substance that can make me not bad. Not stimulant but suggestive satisfaction. 


Yo fanático de la autosuficiencia o el fanático de la servidumbre.


Trips and processes last what they last.


Surf the wave.


Enjoy breathing around others.


Dysfunctionally adaptive behaviour.
Every psychological issue.


There's always room for change.


One who can analyse his delusions is called a philosopher.


My sister and a friend noticed that my pupils where enormous without me drinking alcohol or doing any drugs.
My sister says that maybe I'm drugged all the time and that's why I'm so mystic. My eyes have to do with it. I see nothing even though I have eyes. I don't focus on anything.


Enlightened earthly beings.


What do I need to be happy? 
Do I need others?
Why does sobriety make everything so boring?
Why am I so tired of seeing people.
Why do I feel a nudge in my stomach.


It's not my surroundings I can't connect with. It's social media.
Nothing more fake than to talk to a stranger through an app.


La inercia no puede frenarse de cuajo.


Healing has inertia.


When you fear everything the worst of you comes out.
When you love everything the best of you comes out.
Become your best.


My worst mistake being believing in destiny.


La tele no deja hablar a nadie. Porque hay que dejar escuchar.


-I am One.
-You are One?
-You are too.


Switch between three-dimensional and two-dimensional vision. We can all do that. 


Polymathic.


From 3D to 2D.
An image of 3D is always 2D.


An image 2D. I too have that "switch" in the eyes. 


My humour with SpongeBob has evolved.


Many names.
Teta. Caco. Joaco. 


Mamá no me decía chucho. Papa sí.
Las novias posesivas no te tratan por tu primer nombre. El nombre que vos has elegido. De eso se trata todo el tema. 


I embraced my name.
My street name. Chucho.
A name they gave me and I chose. And she didn't approve.


The first time you bring something back to and they don't approve.


The center of it all is your name.


Marilyn Manson was once the greatest vocalist.
The angel with scabbed wings.
The new influences of Marilyn Manson are coming out.


De poesía aprendí con Mulle.


Cada uno por su nombre.


Gualeguay es un pueblo tranca.


Si jugas con fuego te vas a quemar.


I looked from them everywhere.


The hero is always calmed. And he expresses it with his body.


El único virgo entre tres tauros.


I'm a genius. Meaning I'm no archetype and all at the same time.


My love to cold.


Dark night storm.


I'm just an artist.


I'm just attractive when I'm autist.


I'm mysterious.


How many relate to me are like me. Me meaning the way I behave.


I'm a genius and an artist. Just for my knowledge. No more intelligence in me than anyone else. But they have to teach themselves to be free.


La izquierda se encarga de generar hastío.


No lo habría hecho sin otros.


El amor al frío. 


Tremendo autista.


What would you do for others.


There are fucking stupid in both sizes.


When I write I recognise something about me I didn't know.


We are being.


I move away from it. I don't want to be relaxed.


Zore has discipline.


What I have are analytics.


I'm a fucking weird gay.


I claimed the flag.


The biggest men move the biggest people.
Realising doesn't make you big but gives you advantage.


Trust that she knows better about herself.


I've integrated my shadow on this day.
I've first of may 2002. Taurus event. My greatest fear. Me and the universe are corresponding.
I'm becoming it as I see it.


I'd know what I'd should be doing if I was in my worst.


I'm the king of outcasts. Of those that want to be.


Cast and outcast.


Use ultra battery mode. No distractions.


In ultra mode, always from scratch.


How subtle is your perception.


Distortion is to play subtleties loud.


The dark night.


Amplug 2 pack.


Guidance is the subtlest form.


Monarchia is order under one archia.
Ordered under one. The tip of the pyramid.


Best masters goal is to give opportunity.


Bring useful to people, given the opportunity.


27*3=81.


Looking up to the heavens.


There's a subtle feeling that the whole existence is a celebration.


Do not choose an angle of your face.


En la facultad te hacen creer que estás loco por plantear cosas diferentes. Reaccionan con risas y minimización es.


No tiene fin, este libro.


She deactivated healthy behaviour.


I proved them all wrong. I moved in my own direction and found myself being right. This was the way I was supposed to go from the start. Now I know because I'm here and not there anymore.


Uno escucha música por la música.


I just want to move in the subtler ways.


Ultra processed metal is new metal.
Those snares, mudvayne. Dig.
LD50.


I only cared to be talked about in the music area.


Desde ahora solo escucho música en YouTube. Guardo discos por los que siento curiosidad.


They were watching me scream.


I trust the internet.


The internet shows all truths.


Everything you add to the truth substracts from the truth.


Are the songs I didn't write.


I live for all the songs I didn't write.


The two wars.
Las dos guerras.
Representadas en una pintura.


All mythology is within me.


The horrible show.


Mis chistes son muy sutiles.


Post-mortem.


You do it for the trip.


Ser el que mejor la surfea. En cada situación.


Pijas de carne y pijas de sangre.


Grabo hasta lo más insignificante.


Si que entiendo la sensualidad.
Solo que no la aplico si faltan el respeto (jajaj?).


El rey de lo absurdo.


Cringing about mushrooms. So much fun.


I fell under the enchantments of movies.


King of the absurd.


Fire is mad at me.


"Bueno, medí tus palabras."


According to nature.
Body according to nature.
Mind according to nature.


Most people meditate when they jerk off. They dive in, close their eyes. Be quiet. Active imagination, total consciousness over body. And intensity. Engagement and pursuing of intensity.


How would you describe your hardcore boners.


No sense of shame in what I write. 
As I write it. Later I will know.


Acting like and autist had brought me fame and shame.


Movement is a matter of intensity. There is a force pulling it. Bringing it into action. A force of zero intensity can't start a movement.


Physics are about the invisible forces of the universe.


I have infinite possibilities since I all want to be.


My identity is an incognito even to me. And by discovering myself I discover the universe since it always is in relation to me.
Psychology makes it about our selves first. The reach of the outer is as much as the inner. Since the entire universe is psychic it has the limits of their own consciousness.


Cómo ponerte abajo de la sabana cuando sos chico. El pañuelo sobre la cara. El fantasma de las caricaturas. Abajo del trapo puede estar cualquiera. Podemos tocar todos. Viejos y nuevos. Podemos cantar todos. Reconocibles si, but in carácter. Es el telón y es individual.


Theatre and costumes.


Theatre is the art of replacing everything with something else.
To represent with simple things, complex scenarios.


La gente muy fácilmente me hace sentirme autoconsciente porque cuando la paso bien lo expreso y se nota. Y hacen comentarios de mí. Me doy cuenta de que yo no hago comentarios de ellos.


She was a fucking animated doll.


I moved my attention towards her. 


What represents, is a symbol.


My father does not wear a shirt and jeans.


Is your job as an artist to find new ways to make art.


La libertad no genera crisis. Jamás. No es causa.


Change. To save the world.


Thought experiments.


Caleufú.


Dandote mí vida. Tanto me querías.


Las mentes no son territorios de conquista.


Money is not a scarce commodity.
There's an infinite amount.


A style so dynamic I'll never know how it will end.


Compensate for their lag or lead. In drums.


Strong people are always simple.


No one goes to war because they want to.


Lines are automatic (1; infinite).


Percent is modulus. Gives the remaining of a division. 


Floating point numbers instead of fractions. 


Operations, order PEMDAS: parenthesis, exponents, multiplication, division, addition and sustraction). 


INT. drops the fractional parts, leaves integer.


Variable equals name that you will call after. It helps read the code. It reminds what certain operations do. 
The name of the variable is the thing you are creating. 
Every smaller thing has a name, every bigger thing has a name too. The integrated thing and the thing that integrates.


Equals equals == are both sides the same value. 
Equals = assigns value to the right. 


Add space between operators so it’s easier to read. 


Read files backwards. 


Strings are big of text between double quotes or single quotes. 
Bits of text to display or export. 


Cryptic variables names. 


Meditation. 


There’s no intention besides mine inside of me. Maya, then, won’t try to do anything to me. 


Krsna/senior supremo. 


Todo lo que existe es propiedad de Dios. 


El cuerpo es mi propiedad?


KRSNA=Dios. 


Time is slower than anything you can think of. 


mas placer = mas sufrimiento. 


Vaikuntha, libre de temor. 


Paramatma, super alma. 


No podes hacer el bien sin que algunas personas busquen en tus buenas acciones un motivo perverso y oculto. 


Bliss (quantum pulls you upwards) or depression (quantum pulls you downwards). 


Advancement in technologies imply advancements in philosophies. What Jung thought can be refined today. 


Fortuna espiritual. 


De donde vienen las nuevas almas?Hay cada vez mas y mas. 


Hare krisna, vibracion trascendental. Revive nuestra consciencia trascendental. 


La materia altera nuestra consciencia. 


Maya, ilusión (aquello que no es).


Hay una lucha ilusoria con la naturaleza. 


Limpiar los recelos de nuestro corazon. 


Super consciencia es la energia natural y orignal de cualquier entidad viviente. 


One method for all.


Vibraciones trascendentales. Cuales son?


Maha, mantra: gran canto para la redencion.


La complacencia no es solo sensual.


Las vibraciones trascendentales no requieren requisitos previos. 


Síntomas del éxtasis trascendental. 
1. enmudecimiento
2. transpiración
3. erizamiento de la piel
4. vacilación de la voz
5. temblor
6. cambio de color corporal
7. llanto de éxtasis
8. trance


El maximo efecto se produce cuando la encarnacion proyecta y se manifiesta. 


Hara - energía del señor (energía suprema del placer).


Krsna Rama - Senor mismo (placer supremo). 
Bliss. 


Maya es una de las multiples energias del senor. 


Back to Godhead. 


Quiero una vida dedicada al estudio  y la escritura. 


Yo soy un escritor, y llevo la vida de un escritor. 


Srimad-Bhagavatam. 


Asramas, escuelas, templos, institutos, comunidades. 


Complejo cultural. Dos hectareas: teatro, casa de huespedes, restaurante, templo.


Autoridad, profundidad, claridad (libros se valoran por).


Srila Prabhupada. 


1. Vulnerabilities will be exploited. 
2. There always are vulnerabilities. 
3. Humans trust even If they shouldn’t. 
4. With innovation, new ways of exploitation. 
5. When in doubt, see rule number 1. 


I’ll do this instead of other things because I’m wise. 


Cyber attacks?


What you will do instead of what you can do. 


Building and using virtual machines. 


All virtual machines. 


Kernel, over it, a Shell. 


Bash for linux. 
Powershell for windows.


System administration.


Manuals
Guides
Play.
push the limits.


Computer networking. 


Redes digitales ciberneticas. 


111 hora.


Layers.
7) application
presentation
session
transport
network
data link
physical


Digital personal security.
Password encryption.
Osint (open source intelligence). 


Los videojuegos son buenos porque despiertan interes. 


La salida de la humanidad no es negra. Hay luz y esperanza. No siempre la hubo, pero no siempre las cosas estuvieron visiblemente mejor. Los cambios se estan dando a conocer, aunque estemos en los primero estadios de la recuperacion. 


00411606697.


Automatizar. 
Copy from browser, paste on docs. 
Un programa es un guion de instruccion.
Polilogismo.
Software para automatizar//copy/paste. Auto suggest. Clasif. Keywords added by me in the  past. 
The software could have memory to give you old patterns as suggestions. 


Dejemos de subestimar al común de la gente. 
La gente no es idiota. Entiende más que el precio de la papa y la leche. 


Un beso al atardecer.


CIA.
Easy way to (mind) control people.


John Gnittinger. 
Breakdown psycho therapeutic sense. 


149 subprojects. 


Healing is spiritual light. 


Single individual,
long term (target). 


Psychic driving. 


No one works in a vacuum. 
No particular works in a vacuum. 


1,35 millones rockefeller. 


Recollective memory. 


Dark descent. 


Visual/auditory. 


Electrical stimulation. 


The stream of consciousness. Deja vus and hallucinations are familiar because they are memories failed to be recovered by the recollective memory. 


Seeing the overlay drives you mad not wise. 


Where dreams are stored. 


Penfield/Rockefeller. 


Conditioned behaviour. 


Sleep deprivation/Ideas might be replanted. 


Manipulation of guilt feelings. 


Values and beliefs changed. 


24hs a day. Identity desintegration. 


Strong art is always simple.


Monismo idealista.
Upanishads.


La magia es un arte.
Arte de magia.
El arte y la magia no se diferencian.
Magia el séptimo arte.


I ask the sheep surrounding me. Have you seen my grandfather.


Big momma big booba.


Truth is the destroyer of illusions.


This book is for me and for me personally. But can be publish post mortem if personal names are changed.


Picture in the background with quotes of me.


I need to die once again.


Afinación en Sol abierto. Open G.
Sexta de mí a re. 6D.
Quinta de la a sol. 5G.
Primera de mí a re. 1D.


Panic when your projection is doing something you are not.


La magia es el arte universal.


Si la defino la limito.


To define something of to find its limits. Where that thing ends that thing is.


I experiment death every night when I go to sleep.


I did this to myself.


The violent homosexual pulsion.
Archetypal war.


If feelings overwhelm you, they then change your logic. Over a sustained period of time.


The center of all psychology is illusion not truth.


Yo soy mí propio judas. El pez por la boca muere.


San Judas el patrono de los casos perdidos.


“Which means if we follow this trajectory, we will all be gay in 2054”.


No goal and no rush to be fully opened to the world.


Mejor mago quien mejor domina los elementos naturales.


«Nada muere excepto en apariencia, y del mismo modo, tampoco, nada nace excepto en apariencia. Lo que ocurre en esencia dentro de la naturaleza aparenta ser el nacimiento, y lo que ocurre en esencia dentro de la naturaleza, en cierto modo, es la muerte; aunque nada realmente se origina, y nada alguna vez perece; pero tan solo ahora aparece a la vista, y ahora se desvanece. Aparece a causa de la densidad de la materia; y desaparece a causa de lo tenue de la esencia; pero siempre es la misma, solo difiere en movimiento y condición». Apolonio de Tiana.


Los gnósticos sostenían que la humanidad podía experimentar y entender lo divino directamente, sin la necesidad de la mediación de sacerdotes.


Adeptos aquellos que están en capacidades de ser iniciados.


La ciencia armónica universal.


Concibió un plan para reformar filosófica, religiosa, artística, científica, política y moralmente el mundo.
Este es el mago más poderoso del mundo.


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a18lFczMlfM
“it’s like i’m looking for something”.


https://www.facebook.com/claudia.cox.165
MP violinist.


I'm going to write code on paper. In here. 


An expression is a number of operands by operators.


How good or bad life is, is how I make to my mind.


Are we all in relation to other.


No es que tuviera empatía, es que estaba intentando entender.


Muchas vidas, muchos maestros.


Que el alimento sea tu medicina.


La fuente de todo conocimiento es el momento presente.


La onda es achicar la brecha, no a ver quién gana. 
La brecha es dinámica.


Todo existe en binario.


The railroad to nowhere.
In the motorcycle I feel to the cascades.
Old dream that I had.


Dreams of liberty.


If you ever find yourself in the wrong story, leave. 


I dreamt they knew everything.


I stand at the end of all tradition and in the beginning of one.


Knowing myself is my duty for humanity.


They don't know what I've been doing or why I've been doing it for.


Recién entiendo lo que es callar.


Shady characters.
That's who we are talking to.


You could get in the nerves of everyone. That's how clever you are. Use it for good.


I'm going to be the version of myself I enjoy the most.


El solamente se escucha a sí mismo.


Analítica. Mente analitica.


Ella podría ser la mejor versión de si misma, y es en vez, La Mala Madre. 


Los 13 atributos de la mente psicopatica.


The feminine archetype also fits her. It's just harder to see it.


When life is good, I enjoy staying.


I'm now learning how to shut up.


Hay una belleza que no es para consumo.


Love creates a world no one can control.


My solo project.


Begotten is like a black metal movie.
Burzum. Forest and aesthetic.


My sun is earth then that is what I need. Not what I already have. Earthly things ground me. Else I'd go far away.


The grace of a joke is deliverance.
The day it's deliver. The punchline for the ending.


I'm an old soul because of black metal. I should be thankful.


We come from black and we go to black.


Our shape is changing.


Humanity will change whether we like it or accept or we don't.


We need to go deeper into oneself. Merge with darkness. Not the unknown but the frightening.


We need to learn to cope with the frightening. We need to go past limbic brain.


Gibberish is useful to be creative.


The scared one.


Si está todo bien está todo bien. Si no está todo bien no está todo bien.


Lo que creo me lo creo.


Siempre puedo no tener razón. Una mala lectura de la realidad.


My story was always linked to the music I liked.
I was guided by my trips but not all of them were pleasure. 


We just cope with reality because life prevents us from dying.


So repulsive it would make you sick.


Pasa de todo en mí mente.
Nunca podía haber sabido que eran esos trompos chocandose.
Yo cree trompos. Mis padres y el ventilador en el techo. De las primeras cosas que me di cuenta en mí casa era lo parecidas que eran nuestras habitaciones. La de mis padres con la que era de mí hermana y mía.
Ventiladores de techo. La cama de mis padres de dos plazas. La mía y de mí hermana de una plaza cada una, separadas por una mesita de luz.


Love men cats is a love that has no words. I don't remember their names after so many. Every cat is the same cat.
Reincarnations can happen both simultaneously in the same timeline.


Psychology is the art of association.
Solution.


Con la pantalla en la cara lo único que queda es oscuridad alrededor. Me gusta por eso bajar el brillo.


Con la cara hacia la pared.


The exact same infancy.
They knew all about me as I was growing up. And what yet wasn't, I became. A spell was casted towards me 


I was no longer adorable when I was thinking. Looking like frodo. Staring deeply. I was creepy. Ankles and stress baldness.


I'm of a different species. As they were.


Dormir con nuestros huesos beso nuestras cabezas. Beso la almohadas.


They are all tests somehow.


I've had auditive hallucinations. Dreaming awake.


Jung. Evola. JBP. Were all grounded in truth.


People will not fall to you manipulation.
Black metal gave me comfort in darkness.


El lore del metal no me gustaba.


Do you enjoy every moment of your song? You should be a sorcerer like varg.


This is not what I meant to write is what I most think when I read what I wrote.


La paz con la naturaleza y con los tuyos. Nacional socialismo.


La paz puede encontrar un camino para que sea también de otros.
Inspire peace to bring peace.


God told me is saying "I did what I believed best".


Hay una discusión política por lo que es y no es tuyo. These are the consequences.


I get extremely angry when my sloppy typing helds me back.


Atmospheric music. 


Let's find, of all, something in between.
That's where God lies.


Atmospheric synths.
https://youtu.be/7-q4nvbJbbU


Music should be like meditation.


In electronic music, everything can be perfect. Mouse and keyboard are the perfect tools. You need nothing else. To zoom in, to see. For me the perfect software, the perfect tool.


I just get one insight.


https://youtu.be/7-q4nvbJbbU
Many sweet melodies.


Fascism is the continuity of monarchy. There are those of every colour. 


Fascism is following one man's ideas.


I'll do music with my computer as I did before. I must be much better now, as it happened with drums. Me and the software were one. We made communion. Only in your experience


Maybe the only purpose is for us to think.
You move in the same reality. But you value differently.


We value things differently.


We as we when it's we and not you.


Trance-like music is the only music.


Money comes in as a representation of value.


Exorcise what you made communion with. Just then you'll be free.


I'm on my path. It has many of many.


Drugs brings up the dreams and fantasies of the best and the worst men.


Is fascism following oneself?
I pick up on the things I want to know and i haven't heard from anyone what fascism was. I only can induce.


No one but me can record my projects.


Varg was lofi because he made a solo project. Loners. We don't have all the things. We do with what we have.


A lo último nos estaba presionando demasiado.


He made communion with lust.


It's all known, I just have to find it.


The secret to everything was in its middle.
La cuadratura del círculo was in the middle.


You know deep truths when you realise them. Deep symbols.


Cuál es la mitad de la cuadratura del círculo.


Tengo que sostenerlo así medio que se caiga para tener más movilidad.
Así tengo muchos menos errores de tipeo. Las manos mas sueltas y el celular más colgando igual cansa.


Yoga is to mirror your own body.
You are only half the shape.


Te hacen dejar de acostarte de forma suelta. 


La rigidización de nuestra consciencia se expresa en nuestro cuerpo. Después tenemos que aprender a descontracturar.


Una cosa no quita la otra.


Black metal hippies. We are the target. The fascism that long has been named but no one dared to define. This is my ascendant. I come up as fascist. If I had to see it from an outsider's perspective. But I'm just talking about my own perspective.


En Bolivia compré la peor versión de Mein Kampf.


Por qué el individualismo se asocia al fascismo?


Que es esto de querer dominar el consciente colectivo.


He's a psychopath. I can detect them since I am one.
They're exposing darkness, bringing it to light.
To make it conscious for the collective.


How am I in my essence? I'm blues.


I'm seen as a loner.


Who's ours and who's not derives in authoritarian regimes.


There are people calling it out.


Love growths indefinitely. Love is the force that builds.


It was a display of his insights. Because someone did it first, he also needed to do it. He needs the attention, but doesn't understand the gameplay.


There is a game in life. Daring or frightening.


We used to create depressive albums. 


He has skills and wants to show them but is shy and dark and drinks too much.


The other guy reacts to life.


Where is the arrarora? Where is the war?


I don't have to clarify which of my lines are copied from comments only.


Fame, it happened overnight. Skill shows but luck shows better.


You can't know what you are not aware of.


The knowledge of truth, good and evil.


She bore me to death with that song.


The moment you realise the things that could come out from their mouths are over.


The lower string always in root note.


Bien ajustada la música electrónica.


El brillo de los mas bajitos. 


Mas brillo a los agudos para que tengan texturas a mas bajos volumenes. Se baja mucho los volumenes de una mezcla. 


Obvio que a los mixers les gusta mezclar. 


Es un trip de audio del que es dificil salir. Es un trance, donde podes pensar despacio, y redirigir la atencion. Estas, como quien dice, hiperconcentrado. Cada instante es permanente, y yo estoy al comando. Solo en sociedad recuerdo con el cuerpo lo que aun no he vencido. La proxima urgencia. 


Talking to the secret. 


Nunca arme una escena desde el escenario. 


Hacer negocios. Intercambiar cosas por cosas. 
Para una buena filmacion hay que hacer una buena pelicula. 


Nos ensenaron en la facultad a trabajar con otros. Que si bien no me gusta, aprendes un monton del mundo real, que no existe sin la colaboracion de las partes conformando un sistema. Nos ensenaban que habia una persona que iba a estar manejando los tiempos y apurando al director, y que salia lo que salia. Que en edicion se arreglaba lo que se podia y salia la peli que salia. 


Nunca habia pensado una escena desde el escenario. Siempre desde los personajes interactuando. El escenario es el que crea. De lo mas sutil a lo mas especifico. No se puede ser especifico sobre un particular. Solo un general. No se puede ser general sobre un general, solo sobre un particular. 


Voy a ser organizado. Es lo que necesito. 


Organizarme y presionarme pero nunca volverme loco. 


I’m earth. Everything is true. 


En el campo tengo un altar. 


Como va a ser cuando venga la parca. 


The goal is to represent madness in an enlightened way.


To publish the black book after I'm dead.


Every monarchy builds over a fire. 


She was afraid that I was crazy and made me crazy.


En el campo tengo templo. En el rancho otro.


They don't want us praying.


See where you find the music in the effects.


As many variants as possible. Use more mistakes on your favour. More programming less thinking about music.


https://youtu.be/V60rO4LWGoc
They too are victims of a pleasure seeking system.


Black metal is the dark mother.


Give love to the black mother.


Life is to give, and if not what.


Your own shadow is nowhere but in your past. It's been casted throughout your own life.


Vigor. Vital force. Energy for action.