the greatest msytery is tobacco
learning to be alone with others. even while communicating with others. separation. being your true self
arabian raids
i represent the sounds with universe i come up with
there are multiple universes in your own mind. one for each thought you have. one for each idea. but each idea has implications. 
a little god in my hands
i treat everything as if everything was meaningful
i dont have the attention span to follow her
be like a male cat
ella se quedaba con todo lo bueno y sin culpas. aunque a veces le debe haber dado culpa
los gatos se creen dueños de tu atencion
oh universe
sing in reverse
you have to teach your cat not to bite your feet
i name this notebook: cats
siempre estuve con amigos para estar solo
el dragon son tus padres y las escamas lo que pensabas que era asi porque una vez ellos lo dijeron
dont fight their philosophy, youll lose the legality of your words
be comfortable with being philosophically uncomfortable. being physically ill. you get an insight from being physically ill
ellos despues se replantean cosas que les dijiste. for good or for worse
a notebook has many names
the mushrooms are starting to have an effect on my perception of face. maybe a bit of nausea
tuvo que verlo todo para finalmente entender
u are the one piloting it
only the best pilots look at each other knowing what they are talking about
i hear my own eards
i hear my own bites
everything adds a delay
its deep in its visuals. be still and watch. theres nothing to be scared of
you can only censor talking shit
descubri el enigma de socrates
pero descubri tambien que el enigma era una obviedad, que se responde sola
a mi el vertigo me gustaba, y despues lo asocie con la muerte
why did he go to mount olympo. he doesnt have to prove himself
im falling onto my own leafs/folios/papers.
im falling onto my own leafs
you can let go while you do whatever
the cosmic dream is something you form
me laten los oidos. escucho frecuencias
parte de la locura es que creen tener superpoderes
habilidades magicas. psiquicas
en soledad siempre tenes tus cosas esperandote
all clues at plain sight
tricky
“i am a machine”
enigma
the magic of the empty page
you can make people laugh, cry, happy
knowing you
you can only guess other´s thoughts
he dreamt
fake
everything you can know
tiempo no es solo presente
neurotic journalist
metaphysic is making the physic a symbol
everything is a dream. the paradigm changes. experience is a dream between dreams
the new age comes as a necessary condition for the old being death
all that is out and far away. one can only imagine
dreams keep you sleeping, but also inspired
no need for immediate knowledge of a particular i dont know what is
theres no need for immediate knowledge
SUEÑO
not one talk unnoticed
not one reunion unregistered
the snake bites the bull
the bull shreds the snake
no tenian ni idea de nada de lo que hacia
he didnt feel shame or remorse, and he was the lowest(worst) man 
hunger, thirst, an emptiness, desire
hunger has no purpose
purpose is created. you don’t stick with what you’ve got
filling only to throuw up or feel disgust
DISGUST
breathe, clean air
you can’t write for a town that hates you
all that i needed was air. fresh air
AIRE
you won’t get the fresh air you are looking for, outside
the things that i know set me free so the things that i know are also good
all knowledge is good because you can decide what to do with it
its easy to be that coward
terrified of what might happen
a situation in which whatever you did, you’d make it worse
two felines
this is how i understand it
SIAMESE
what awful dreams
heavy dreams are not easy to get out
dreams dont condemn you
mages in my head are about the real world?
fellow musicians
for you im no one
spread the seeds
dont die through the mouth
i wake up the next day and reality is still the same
fucked up by policiales, she believes shes the investigator, and that she has authority for it
stories move forward even when you stop moving every muscle
whats on is on
you know how she is yet you dont see the implications
if she is certain way, she believes certain way
about 50%hes and 50%shes
long legs won’t let me sit right
i can see myself telling cutting truths
right to the head, the sharp tong
who are the deservers of the worst
goodness is the logical
TWIN
“credible as a human being”
ek talks about insanity
im not giving up the part were its true
this is the new me. it integrates the old with the next. this is the best i have come
yet
how can one thing be another
i buried the old me instead of integrating it 
i am an artist. i can block everyone else
others find their ways to you
it is wrong to identify yourself with the misunderstood
youll forever be misunderstood
i understand now myself and others but remain misunderstood
we put the focus on them and others and not the heroes no more. then make the heroes
what’s not real dynamics it’s fantasy
reality behaves with certain mechanics
PEACE
peace is unshaken, not generated
you aren’t just being, you are actually a philosopher in actuality
constant actualization. actuality
words are already there but you don’t know them
we are actually
tengo que llevar su atencion al oido
a cocktail of chaos. what could unleash it
being in the dream forever, is also not bad
you are not a product of your ghoughts. you are no product. you are before everything else
tiene que ser una linda historia
algunas personas son muy reactivas a la critica. igual se los escucha
abrazos random. she’s checking
“i’m about to go crazy” ek
sane and insane
he belives hes going to (can’t find the words) fall apart
he’s too fast with his speech. he’s smart
he had knowledge of vikings. “it’s our heritage”
bloody heritage
what i knew they didnt
i’ve always looked at duality
there’s an infinite pool of things to go through
get in there
you wont fall apart
youll realise you are still
he knows what happened the last time he reacted to that
he doesn’t want to build up
he can’t help it, he explodes. dont lose your head and everything will be fine
what do you mean “you cant help it”?
CUBES
everyone talked as if they had no inference on anything
it is all belief but it needs to held in the center being peace
thats what i hated, they lost humanity for authority
we need more teachers like saddghuru
its so random. sex, drugs and rockanroll
i believed a generalization
nudity distracts
they send you against authority the moment you make it unjust
back to back
HERMANA
you have to be tricky to understand the game, to unlock us all
you have to be tricky to understand tricky
tricky is not manipulative
“part of our heritage” ek
he couldnt understand what sanity/insanity was
hes a philosopher
i can think my things without her being in the way. at the same time, they dont go against here
how do you show that you changed
with questions is how you better reach to an answer
insane is nothing to be scared of either you are or you arent.
“she was a very active participant in her own death”
each has its own consciousness
ek is honest
“making things fit together inside”
“a pull in the sense that it wasn’t working. it wasnt the way its supposed to be; it wasnt the way i wanted it”
he was in the animal trip
thrive towards the divine
infinite powers are in both sides
white and blac magic are magic
ELLA
engaged
“everything went towards killing them, and i didnt”
“its gotta stop”. and a week later he murdered his mother
he got overwhelmed by emotions
unresolved feelings will do that
the sense that one loses control may be but the actual loss of control is after long periods of degeneration
you keep falling over an over the same steps
a psyche is not filled with just things you like
“american and i kill americans. im a human being and killed human beings. and i did it in my society”
what i like is what i still like.
the pleasure of knowledge, nothing else
she wont undertand my autonomy
he doesnt have a saying in everything i say
you have to be there or else
they both are responsible
“she went through 3 husbands like a hot knife through butter”
society dont care about anything so do your best
god does not have to be mentioned in every text, though its implicit
“literally, and thereby symbolically”
i was talking about my past, not my present
they just dont believe i got over it
source of pain is yourself
serial killers are the easiest way to see patterns
balance act going through
he sees himself as others see them
hate of john wayne
youth autority
the thtought
ek great storyteller
really getting on people’s nerves
just checking
thinkers change all the time
of all the things that could, the ones that are. TRUTH.
targeting grid
a handle on their behaviour
separated from the human race
desperate hanging
15 years old when his mother sent him to hospital for the insane
they learn how the world reacts to them
if i were to have been executed
i dont want to see them i want to listen to them
the pen was mightier than the sword
for my love of philosophy, i’d do it, not my love for her
its good that you remember all and not just the good
the last good doesnt overcome all the wrongs
treat people fairly
break the tension in the room
sk are celebrities
they love little verbal puns and plays with words
two times attempted suicide
he turned the pen into a sword
they believe they are interesting
learn about medicine
pure horror. viewed as someone else
“good luck” after good luck
real feelings 
some blessings
behavioral science unity
serial killers: live two lives
“great hole in my life. i dont necesarily mean feelings”
dysfunctional
punishment our desperation
finding devious ways to get around the rules of the home
if you say i said it, i said it
i have thoughts for a living
character sets
deteriorate
call stupid. something missing. a little short
“i wasnt thinking when i did things”
not a thinker, not an individual
interaction in your own mind. individual
out of panic he just glanced
think. use abstracts
i went to bed to the attic
earth is the livingroom
demons, monsters, ghosts and things that scared me. im going to deal with it. they dont have to
rituals to protect himself
her mother complained for the cold coming out of the basement
they wouldn’t let me sleep from the heat in that room
“horrible terror going on inside of me. and this is every day/night”
i just blame them for not pursuing a spiritual path
no sadness, no shame
broke up the monotony
gas chamber effect
they put me in treatment to save my life
value in themselves and interacting with others
“i guess it bothers my ego, i dont know”
peeling my psyche
psyches dont work their way into the book
already cast out by society
fantasies are not supposed to be everything it is but upside down
i wont let her investigate
hability to heal spirit
widow of that man
living my life. with the limitations
work into that image: positive things
people can change
psychological involvement
he wasnt supposed to cty
better part of my character. resisting this mold of what she believed was to be a good kid
she didnt think i was a good kid
i didnt think she was a good woman
we were even
good people dont cause harm to others
sneaky old devious ways
“its like a game we played for years”
i wasnt voicing this things then
to achieve this or that, you know what you have to do
escribir es un arma
terror tactics
domminative and agressive
if he asked us to do something we’d do it since he was always fair with us. kind and generous
being tall around not tall peers
artificial paranoia
vicarious position
i want to just blend into the room
always an outsider
doomed to stand out
there were times were he was acting out and he was normal
spooky, quiet
things start getting more morbid in their orientation
no one needs to know if you googled her or not. stop talking about it
death, destruction, evil
afraid of evil
strange orientations to those
frustartion. hatred. no outlets
being the last person alive in the world
he knew what he was doing
they just didnt let him
all seeds 
that’s a thought
movies are supposed to be little seeds
“i didnt understand the feelings inside”
It affects how a person thinks about himself”
it has implication on others and their relationships 
inwardly violent young people
how little i thought of myself
they wont see in himself what he never saw
self perpetuating thing
pain/hate/anguish
i saw a kindred spirit there
separated from the human race
“i was there on my own trip. i know”
complex critical psychological situation
why dont you stop it before it escalates
why do you let her be mean to me
why do you expect me not to retaliate
why do you expect me to endure all suffering passively
what do you want to perpetuate
0


always pushing the narrative that i was the insane one
im just trying to write and save time
333abuela cel
ill be condemned by the same words that saved me
theres this myth, where the worst cant be the best
morbid fascination
positive input for potential
fantasize to protect myself
kind of conditioning
increasing amounts/increasing frequencies
negative condition i wasnt aware of other than effect
patterning
find a pattern thats sufficient, enough. not numb. 
Add embelishments to it
you grow out of morbid fascinations
stopped filling a whole or a gap
“An… and they let it go. I didnt”
(S)he calls theatres politics
you orient
the devils brigade. a movie and a book
“he goes off to war, and he does some horrible things. he cant talk about those things”
Fusionate/integrate/dissolve
all this mind games are my mind tricks
you get trickier the older you get
people remember. you try to forget
i never much put it into words
im coming for you
circular thought is all we have
the source of your pain is you. you are irreductible
dont act out crazy shit
grounding is your mind and body living in the same ground
i trusted i wasnt treating the wrong people
i was smart in the sense that i was seeing also the bullshit
why did i believe i was special
nada es subito. todo es gradual
stages are a continuation
everything is a continuation of the one single point that started it all
individuacion
individuation
in relation to our parents, we are always kids
black sucks all the light and reflects none
one big yes for life
regret besides death
old patterns manifesting
the particular is the only important
particularities are met in the here and now
we have a preoperatory system
strong emotions deserve a healthy release
i go into the dirt to then purge. having drank and smoked i cant but be disgusted of myself; and ashamed. For not having said the right things to the right people
things are always more complex than you would have expected
saying the wrong things to the wrong people
i used to find the right questions
ill find my way to generate content
isnt this raw?
why not record random lines
los actos fallidos no son ideas
dieta a base de agua por algunos dias. agua y vegetales crudos
la escritura es un acto
legality is multiplicity
we find union in the state
we are creative so to live our lives to the fullest of our own expression
we choose whats righteous to express
the dont fake goodness. they try to be. just dont know how to do that
how do you do something exaactly, if you dont know what you should do
you do what you must, and you start from your bodily needs
whats a need, is hard to know
sleep, rest, food, etecetera
the sun makes you feel good
encounters with old aquintances? and old friends. never the right interactions come down with it. its like you dont know each other anymore. yet you recognise them
by the time you 
their escence is still there
you recognize them there
fiction writers help themselves with speech. encacting what they want to pursue
you dont have a saying in the way i live my life
what is so wrong about becoming an artist
i would hate to be a public figure, for whatever reason
the way they act towards you is because they (...) direct themselves towards you
the smell of gasoil with oil
the smell of oil with oil
do they mix it with oil to make temperature go higher?
transcription is time and energy consuming
im going to fly back to my second home
dont fill books with empty phrases
dont let writing consume you
dont lose the hilo of the conversation
no es que tengas que pensar sino describir con tus palabras
you dont know what i know
you cant know what i know
they never pay attention, to philosophy. only behaviour. and so they judge. they want to catch you, as soon as possible
before its too late. then, they push you towards a destiny, that otherwise wouldnt have been
she broke a pattern, and lost it all
read, as if you were the heart of the game
read, as if you were dishonored
let the mind come in
que enferma
what’s the right attitude towards life? its been figured out
everyone’s morals at play
yo les rompia las bolas a los que eran buenos conmigo
un azote
name your significative others
the wiser you get, the slower you want to think
careless gets you killed
i think to rest
not every line must be written
reading is an art
reading outloud is performative art
art is in the ways
you can record, everything you say
lets have a podcast
no need for the (symbol of hashtag)
no symbols
no numbers
only text
i have work to do
you knew you could move light with your eyes
get into the plane of doing and the plane of acting
ill only eat what tastes good
one thing means all others
there are no important thoughts
what belongs to the book is pure knowledge. no personal things. aesthetic purposes
no repetir cosas como “se va todo el mundo”
simplemente porque no es cierto
aunque pensandolo bien, si lo es
pero es otro el sentido
a thousand wars went through my head
get over the confusion
writing is the only act where rules have no meaning 
writing has no moral rules
past and future are there for you to think about them
les enseñan a suprir el discurso de la derecha, con todas sus argumentaciones
roque, ceb y q 2-1
j y q 2
caprese 1-1
queso dulce 2
carne salada 2-2-1-1
pollo 2-1
you can tell who tells the truth, by the words that are being used
freedom and truth dont come out in everyones mouth
sometimes i smart like a stupid idiot
the jim carry of bass players: flea
whos more truthful, you or me
in the middle of what iknow how my wods may come out as
i like what hes suggesting
he hates me
i like that
they hate me
i like that
they chose to liberate humanity through its shortest path. suffering
there is a way through love
writing for when i cant think
humans are here even when im not
las izquierdas de todo el mundo se han tirado al extremismo
la dialectica nos acerca al centro
they look surprised
algunas lineas no son como originalmente las pense
pienso, entonces existo. cuando pienso. antes no. cuando creo. antes no. asi se. que soy real
fe es creerse lo que se espera
desde que pienso existo. sino solo seria dios
this is what it means to be god. to have faith. the creative force
moraly grey men are free men
rey meaning closer to balance
the devil is in the details
you cant think about thought, or you can think about untought
you can think
and you can think about thinking
and you can think about thinking about thinking
ouroboros
muchos no saben pero son liberales
science came to enslave us
modern science are a trap for the mind
we arent just concrete
let go of your fantasy
you too have a mind
you too have a spirit
you just cant recognise it
you choose not to
there are two (if not more) revolutions going on at the same time
they want to free us through violence. its manifesting
my ego exists only when i say so. my ego are all of my past thoughts combined
we create our own myth
theres a hero and theres heroin
sometimes is too much that i know
sometimes is too little
te consume. te hace uno
the cure for pain is in the pain
prefiero callar lo que quiero gritar. the right time will come
i wont raise my voice
they dont know
but they think they do
and the more they think they do
the more they dislike me
they do have issues trusting me
even though they hear me out sometimes
they think, im traumatized instead of going through something
and that is dangerous because it conditions my situation
the worlds dont need to know that im not crazy
history will prove me right
the system, is hold by corruption of power
money aint power
they bought our land by force
they enforced our land
dionisiac rituals. its just
it doesnt matter the character. follow the character
the moment to stop caring for the actions of your consequences
how far into the rabbit hole do you have to go
Are your paintings of the world anchored in truth?
Siempre cada uno va a hacer lo que pueda
a menos que no quiera
angeles y demonios se parecen
theyll try to hurry up
you have a dangerous mindset. and i know it
Common knowledge
Knowledge is common
Drain your ears
I too zone out
I see, I recreate
God sees and creates
Ashes are a byproduct of fear
You don't know what peace is.
Peace. He named it peace
Writing is for the strong
Want to know yourself
I won't compromise
She was never worried about how much we ate
Just take a deep breathe
This calling
We are meant to show the world
They are terrified of me
Disgusting academics
every insight is valuable
it is time for a mate and a night of writing
when they get inside, ill cover my notebook
she knows that where there were papers, now there is nothing
Thats my deposit and this is my house
thats how it is
i never pay attention to that if im interrupting
he started getting with girls 
Lo que vos tenes es otra cosa
es un profundo resentimiento
nos hicieron a todos gurus
he dicho cosas que para ella son disparates
theres always a way out with love
the only hope is intelectual
she cant get over it
she just fakes it
every mistake we make builds up
she cant forget old stories
she strangles you
how can i convince them if i dont have their attention
they didnt like me 
i wasnt fun
i was worrying
she wanted me to go to family constelation therapy
these are my memories, ill have them everywhere. 
no shame
how is this any different from fiction
im different because of it
im better and im wiser
and i strive towards the good
i think as well as i can imagine
step by step, this appear to build up in a dangerous situation. what could be
you cant be certain of the future
there are people who would misdiagnose anyone
has escuchado a saddghuru?
que diferencia hay entre un estudioso y un academico? que al academico no lo meten preso
las elecciones politicas son de cada uno
i write before its too late
i only stayed because of my writings. ill do what i have to do
ill do my things while you do your things
i write and i write and i write
uncomprehended artist
listen to my words
see if they make sense
you dont make sense
of course its with you
she knows it happens but believes it is me that is difficult
she pretends shes not suffocating
shes not manipulative
that shes not needy
and vindicative
a child mind cant differenciate between one particular and the other particular. it believes they are all the same. but there are those of all shapes and colors
who needs more space
just make back ups
she wouldnt 
feelings cannot dictate actions
they do but only when you already know its good
what is good is never wrong
what is good is eternally good or it is not
the point in which the exception becomes the rule
these are just riddles
many people mistaken by insane
sympathy for the devil
una continuidad material
una continuidad espiritual
el espiritu se hace materia
la materia se hace espiritu


Ieri what was written was 444
Today it's 555
Entiendo por qué son así conmigo y es por su filosofía 
Es que no les gusta pensar
Yo do not share philosophy
Just because there's calm before the storm doesn't mean it will not happen
She talking about vibrators
Do you believe you have a right over me because you are over?
Under the basis of equality
You're never clear
Never sincere
After each point one break
I just need to write it all down
I just need to write it all down
I just need to be faster than they are
I think she got a grasp of believing me
Lo que pasa es que tenés unos hijos cobardes que de espalda todo y de frente nada
Deal with her in a non emotional intelligent manner
You are suffering and we all can tell
She wouldn't negotiate with me
We all have very little significance
Not enough to say?
Not say a word
Don't let her believe your judgement is wrong
Parents don't like agitators
Parents do not like me
They wanted me out
Why would something determine me?
Time is significant point to significant point but only seen backwards because on each moment you have a saying
The Y
Her secret is she's scared shirtless 
You are constantly causing your own trouble
Prefiero levantarme ahora y volverme a acostar
Rufi weed beer
Manipulation
Neediness
Guilt trip 
without being sucked into the vortex of her emotions
disordered thinking and lack of emotional regulation.
her persisting fear could be related to some chronic underlying cognitive impairment.
Further cognitive decline
All that self hatred stuff gets one angry
Why do you need to fight it and not let it pass naturally
Make a move
He started realising things
She makes moves beforehand
You left your worst for me
put our issues into a perspective that I can understand
You can't please your mother. Nor can you predict how she is going to react to you. This must be crazy-making
There is no need to feel guilty about this. The hope is that by terminating the conversations she will understand that her harsh and critical behavior is unacceptable. Additionally, I would like you to feel like you have some control over your life and relationship with your mother.
despite this get on with the business of enjoying your life.
Despite it all life is beautiful
Desviando mis buenas acciones
It's like walking on thin ice
You'll make one thing about another thing
Cut out caffeine and drink less alcohol
No somos acción compulsiva
Nuestra acción es consciente y juiciosa
Not caring about what they think will put me in danger
Waiting for feelings to get over is not going to solve your problems
"Get over with it"
Da bona
I'll peacefully exercise my no
Sober up. Say no to any compulsory activity
Engage in nothing
You are capable of just being
Reunite with your soul
You don't need self esteem
You need to let go
There's no logical conclusion to how you should decide
To what you should do
Whether you stay or you go.
I'm stepping towards that direction
Cut the shit
Spiritual evolution is sober
You make it so you don't consume it
Only on Sundays. Rest day.
The week should be awake, sober
Active
I'm relief that she believed I was depressed
A monster in her eyes
I have a participation in it
It's depressing the view of me that they have
Emotional war has started
I'm finally calmed down
I didn't expect her, didn't want her here
Rest day
You haven't had a rest day in weeks
Always checking always analyzing
They want me to see myself the way they see me
People making you doubt your sanity
Kill your heroes
Kill your darlings
The great dragon is called ‘Thou shalt’. But the spirit of the lion says ‘I will!’”