I step into that cave and I wasn't afraid.
I just went there into total darkness and breathe
People followed me and we ended in a room that has ice-cream as a fire. Two good tachos spinning making think slices of I've around them. Then it was removed and there was ice-cream. Pistachio was on one side. Don't know what was in the other. Rosario was right next to me. But I wasn't interested in her. Someone's girlfriend. 


A cat was sent to us. It its tail on the side and a while in his back. I was so happy so see it but then realised It wouldn't live for long. Or so it seemed. At the beginning it was not I'll not broken.
Me and my mother going in the car through ripio and a paisano with a big hat was sitting outside his porch. I said hi with my hand. He says hi back with his hand. I realised I too have a sombrero and things hanging from it. Cascabels.


I want marti


Rest your head


"No lo conozco mucho a Federico"
He doesn't trust me.


My insanity se me salía por los poros.


"Stop stealing people's girlfriends" I once was said as a joke. I never realised that's what I was doing. I always had trouble with boyfriends.


People will regulate themselves if you let them.


Give your head proper rest


You can tell you are well rested for the amount of dreams that you remember


I'm so glad I slept last night.


It was my fight against fear that got me so dark.


I was afraid already then found things that were scary then afraid of those then desensitized.
Overcome fear to the little I thought I had no fear but I was scared shitless and my imagination more vivid.


"Queda feo"


La izquierda va a intentar demoler todo, no importa el contenido


Legality provokes neurosis. Aint nothing further from truth than legality.
It's socialism and communism who push forward the legalization of everything when in reality everything is free 


Present word is going to have me in the future.


Myths stay by things seen or heard


You're not cynical you just dont want to be deceived


Repulsion and attraction in conflict are there to make a battle
Learn how to control it
I love life since equilibrium


It's not if they let me, it's who's gonna stop me


Bread and wine
Flesh and blood


It's always so much more
Video
Christ is both Cain and Abel.


There are protostories of Christ in the old testament


I write even what I don't believe to be true
Philosophy is for truth, writing is not


Don't hate your d


He wasn't allowed to be emotional


The goal of a philosopher is to be able to think the most difficult things without mind breaking


He must have cried a lot when he was young


I expressed no emotion ever


System of belief has to match system of emotion


Comparison is the thief of joy


I'm not easily deceived that's why it's so hurtful


I have friends and people that love me
I'm connected to an the things that surround be
All that is meaningful to me is part of me
He didn't think they were meaningful at all
It was all about him and his compulsive nightmares
Compulsive thinking
Compulsive action


Siempre hay un término medio
You can call it compulsive writing
Building up and shooting


I'll miss them the day they die
I'll regret judging them


Women have more trouble being alone because they never are. 
There's always someone chasing them.
What do I have to change
And why should I care
Scars that last for weeks


She was too good with words
She only listened to them
She had to
Otherwise they'd use them against her


"Que te demuestren interés"


Superficial charm, I had it


How do you know that you are always conscious. you have had blackouts. You had drunk alcohol till passing out


You can always improve on edge


Life founded on more than one dimension of attainment


"If you're contemplating suicide just remember life is not your own.


There are two sides of story


They don't know their characters beforehand


Life is not your own
Life owns you


Dreamt about a wank wasted
It's never ever what you expected


Full grown comedy god


The supporting big brother everyone off


Billionaire warlords


Borderly boundaries


Dignity
Respect
Civility


Intermittent reinforcement
"I'm with you. Not really"
State of confusion
Slow steady building of a trauma bond
Confidence and decision making begins to erode
Filteryour beliefs, your behaviours 
Consistently inconsistent; reliably unreliable
Intermittent messages of rejection
You but into the message that you are not adequate
"Nice try but you're still not good enough"
A game where you are the toy they play with
Moments of optimism
Positive feelings can't be sustained
When things go backwards you are to blame
"You need to try harder to stay in my good graces"
Subtle put down or too obvious
The cycle repeats over and over
They don't give you credit for your strengths or successes
I chose to know
It becomes your job to keep the relationship fixed and at the same time the one that has to be fixed
I know who knows what
They can turn on the charm
In private you are a disappointed
Loyalty is one way only
Constantly perplexed. You feel like you're being played. You're in a guessing game. You feel less than secure.
They want dominance, control
We have a pattern going on here
If you see it now you can do something about it
I can't afford to allow my psychological well being to winch on the whimps of a skimmer 
I'm not allowed to me around them
"I don't think that's a relationship worth continuing"
Unhook when necessary
knowledge is power
Find your place of peace


Atrás de cada ciencia hay un filósofo


Let there be nothing you regret


Knowledge is learning one thing every day
Wisdom is letting go of one thing every day


I am all of my true selfs


Jesus numb


Half Mediterranean half British


Vos sos lo último que ves de afuera para adentro 


Let problems be


Do things in the incorrect way


There's virtue in the incorrect


Perfect is boring
Left hand writing
The path of problem


Sol y Luna 
Complejo de cabañas
Dos bidones de plástico veo hoy a la mañana.
Dos bidones de plástico
It's to easy to go away
Llegamos al campo después de 50.5 kilómetros
O 55
You are ready to play 
5
Pantera I'm broken
I thought of it and it's sounding now
She said I was like jc
334


There's a time for rest
Paradiddles
A good look in the mirror, my chest was floating
Mercer she kissed me on the lips
With her lips black/purple
Don't push me
I've been a clown
They compare me the whole time with the worst shit
Guli faschianne
Stories start to overlap
What makes me insane in the eyes of them
I'm approaching an end
0:33
Hay que compararse con quién eramos antes. Para bien y para mal. Cuando no sabemos dónde estamos parados
I was fixing my back
I got a good look at the building


Make something worth wandering towards
Find me in my field of grass
She got a good look at the book so she could recognise it later.
Distance is good thing when dealing with an empty shell
Trabajamos en la oscuridad para servir a la luz


Mom's last kiss
I dreamed about drug ingesting
Woman getting rid of every male of her animals
"Try to exercise control over romantic fantasies today"
Diotema
The divine nature of love
Oracle
Divine mania
Verticality of mystical experiences
The will of God
Greater and greater purification
Spiritual form of therapy
Develop new and interesting rituals 
Diothema the great revealed of love
Progressive black metal aside
Agrippa three books of occult philosophy
Mysticism and philosophy, siblings
Zero institutional memory
Ontological insecurity in the reflected self
Sense of being in the world. Ontology
They interact only in internal objects
Lacuna
Solipsistic
Stable sense identity
Separation from mother and individuation
Continuity and consistency of oneself
They confuse external objects from intern objects
Sense of reliability in external objects and structures
Flexible routines


All things are everyone's fault
Don't bullshit me
Do what interests you. Don't interrupt what interests me
Besides interests, we hold misery
Things to grow and things to solve
In loving memory of all the things that interest me
Simps and hoes
Organized spirituality


The collective is more than the individual is what the ones running the collective say.
The collective is no more than the entirety of individuals.
There's nothing to be gained engaging in emotional blackmail