All these artists I'll never get to here but are out there.
The evolution of music. The subtleties of noise, until now unnoticed.


The ghost never gets you and you never get the whole light equal to the total darkness. 0=1-1. En el ideal.
En la realidad. 0-0.1=1-(1-0.1).


Nos sometía a arbitrario aburrimiento.


Slightly brighter than the darkness. A small bothering light.


The bothering light.


God music.


Free insights.
God is magic.


You're crazy when you are incoherent. I am not.


Neurosis is gone so I'm not so wrong.


God is also in the fire.


Facing the fire.


God is also in the fire.


I'm a writer and an artist. Not a delusional alien.


It's a lovely life.


I'm in the market now.


"An offer that he can't refuse". Who's the one that's going to offer.
I wonder. What's more valuable than life. Without it you have nothing else.


Silent metal.
Subtle metal. 
Music is in the noise.


Truth is in the noise.


Noise is your God. Music your mother. 
La matriz through which music goes. Energy flows orderly.


Entrenar en el baño.


It is good to sit back and reflect on things.


I know how it would be since I've done it to myself.


Tengo un pulover que está siempre al revés, sin importar como te lo pongas.


I want Jordan Peterson to be my lawyer.


Linen over my drums.


All comfy.
Gloves. Covers over drums.


Nothing different than a ritual. Washing your hands because something that you thought, disgusts you. Cleansing.


The sunshine in your eyelids. Bliss.


Subliminal. Everything is subliminal.
Every piece of knowledge has its subtleties.


Los errores por delante.


What does it take?


Everything makes sense. All one. Unity with the other.


The furthest other is your closest enemy.


Your enemies closer. So you can keep them on line.


God is an eye. 


Art is pure. 


Pure art. Pure fight against every struggle. 


Who cares if my thoughts make sense or not. Everything is interchangeable. 


Thinking and writing are not the same. 
Thought is previous. Thought has no mistakes. 


A cat and a black soul. A punk and a burned heart. 


My skin is cold. My eyes are blue. 


To reflect on things. 


Just the instructions are important. 


Spectacular men were ridiculed since they were ridiculous.


The psyche itself is creative.


Someone that stands by their own words.


Wmen is fine art.


Sufficient reason for believing a thing. 


The mechanism of evolution as pragmatic mechanism. 


Gods thinks like us. God is exactly like us. 


God doesn’t have a material eye. Or material ear. It is us who hear for him, see for him. 


It’s as good as it gets and as good as it can get. 


A useful tool makes us more powerful. 


“They” is the ones pulling the strings. 


Rituals for strengthening the family. 


Gain the whole world but lose your soul. 


The figure of the father wants to re-emerge. 


Tienen una forma de hacer laspreguntas en la que vos blanqueas algo u otra cosa y las dos salen como problemas. “Que te pasa tenes sueno? O te molesta algo?”.
“No, el tema el oido”.
“Ya vamos a ir a sobredo”.
“Audifonos a cirujia”.
“Yo te dije”.


You can crack it out. 


Those.


No le hables a mis sentimientos. 


Vuelven a concebir conceptos estrechos sobre otros grupos de personas. El colectivismo es de una estrechez mental porque agrupa a personas (lo mas complejo de nuestra existencia, nosotros mismos). 


La inteligencia se te pasa cuando alrededor te terminan confundiendo. 


Logras que te confundan? -10 points IQ.


I cracked a code that has forever been there. 


I cracked a code that has been broken if even in secret, by many before me. 


We are not going towards truth. We came from it. Remember. 
We don’t make it as we go. We unveil it. 


Full of neurotics. Like little insects. Agents of chaos. In the subtlest level. Confusion and perversion in psychological trips infused by others. Magically. It doesn’t have to be true but hermetic.


Every psyche builds differently. 
Different order. Different times. 
Maturity is of a higher order. 


Directoras not directed. 


"Yo toco jazz dos minutos y si no se enganchan, me voy".


Descentralizar la venta.
Cotizan los jugadores en el mercado de la bolsa.


King's alike.


You instinctively fight back the drugs.


Mental illness is not cured with drugs even though they may help in the short term. 


I'll write about everything as if I knew.


Propuestas de enseñanza experimental.


Models.
Get one. Become one.


Ask yourself, "what's best?".


Many things I've thought yet not written.


A name for the city.


Disidencia controlada.


Hermetism confirms that I’m not crazy. 


The devouring mother is a concept. A suicidal son and a narcissistic mother. 


Suicidal dreams. Frogstomp.


A lot of virtue sacrifice. 


It must hurt to watch be me myself after knowing what things I’ve said and done. 


Encandilado. Medio drogado. No queriendo que maneje el.


Poetry is describing your tpughts in a reflection of them. Without worrying about it’s fidelity with real life or what the attention is driven to more directly. It’s the description through subtleties. 


I don’t like the trip of feeling a genius. I sometimes don’t know how to be humble. 


When they complement me, I just say thank you. 


I have been many times a jerk. 


How do you do to not to speak about these things. Start writing, and you’ll end up unveiling your self. Your thought structure. To each its own. You uncover the parts that affected you the most. 


You classify your videos by their type. 


It is unbelievable that we only get so much time. 


I don’t care about past mistakes. Careless gets you killed. 


Ty;es of people. There are lascives. There are weak. There are impulse driven. 


You are allowed to pursue the impulses if you stay in your place. Dance to the subtleties of feeling and emotion. 


They messed up with us. Even though I didn’t want to recognize it. 


That movie about the bully making that kid eat dog shit traumatized me. 


Delay to make more mystic sounds. 


All music is njoyable at the right volumes. Whatever lets you hear the entire mix. 


We just listen to the mix of the songs. 


I know I mantain my humilty when I accept from everyone the things they say as tools of cognition. 


Ver para pensar. 
Escuchar para pensar.


Se mira pero no se toca. 


I’m like them because I chose to be. 


Full expressive guitars. 


Como te vas a dormir si no paras de escribir. Como te vas a dormir si el brillo del telefono no baja mas. No hay lugar mas oscuro que nuestra mente. Ningun aparato telefonico puede ser mas oscuro que nuestra mente. 


Everyone undergoes a period of experimentation. This is it. 27 till 33. 
A story of failures and successes. 


Who the fuck cares whether I write is true or not. No one knows what I’m talking about. And it’s not rumbling or ranting, more like a creative dynamic strcture that is hermetic in its content and possesses it’s own laws. 


The laws of Plato. 
The laws of Aristotle. 
They weren’t the same. 
Yet many shared.
Since they both new truth. 
Agratta dogmatta. 


You make people check history with the names you give to things.


Your authentic self. 
What a luxury to find oneself.


Agratta dogmata as an entire instrumental album. 


Le hago saber abiertamente que tengo otros amigos ademas de el. Con los que hago cosas exclusivamente y no tiene por que formar parte. 


Uno queriendo hablar el por que esta bien de que ella no se involucre en cada aspecto de tu vida. Y que esta bien que tengas planes sin ellas. Con los chicos. 


Albums are these big dreams. 


The closer to the center, the bassier. The bass. The mono mix. Closer to the treble, stereo mix and ambience. 


I develop my own philosophy when mixing. 


Embody your philosophy. Let it flow through everything you do. 


Names change. Every time. Names change. All of my songs names. Are temporary. Or fixed to what it was a temporary version. 


Bass the roots of the tree. Treble the branches and leaves of a tree, hamacating with the wind. 


Voy a ser reconocido por ser tan hijo de puta. 


All strophes are interchangeable. 
All verses.
Al estribilles.


Escribo exactamente como se me canta la poronga. Ni mas ni menos. 


Multitasking. 


Histericas new age. The moon the sun and the “That’s not the way to do it”. 


Don’t obey stupid rules. Put up with the consequences. 


Nitches. Punk is public. 


Inside of the caves is where all ideas come from. 


My room is the darkest cave. 


Quality is a verse. It is a matter of taste. 


Always unpredictable. In music. In life. In thought. In deed.


Vulgar virtue.


My heart is sampling the digital.


I'm gonna wash my feet like that
Na na na na na on the pavement.
It's my bodily right
To feel the pain
And nobody gets it 


Follow the unconscious. 


All rules that aren’t God’s, are stupid.


To know without knowing. 


Don’t measure yourself with others. It’s a tricky thing to do. You either get worse or go better. Others do the same with exact more or less success and speed. I remember those who learned to play guitar and drums faster than me. 


They all know that he is a clown. But it is his shadow. He doesn’t recognize it unless the wine me its do. Then he is a fool once again.
A fool is careless, even if he may seem pathetic or funny. 


Saber pasar por loco es lo que hay que hacer. Ni estar loco ni hacerse el loco. Es saber pasar por loco. 


Critican las versiones de esas personas que ellos mismos hicieron. Yo solo tengo referencias de otras personas de la ciudad por mi familia. Quien mas. Tengo que conocer la ciudad. Mirarla. Conocer a sus habitantes. Ver quien es quien. No como la primera vez, que crei que todos eran mis amigos. Sin analisis, fui un tonto. Me comporte como un tonto. 


Careless. Rebel. Unruled. Unwanted. I was free. And careless gets you killed. And I thought I was invincible. 


Nunca nadie realmente creyo que existia solamente el en el mundo. Pero si lo creia en un nivel subconsciente. Identificandose con cosas mas superficiales que traian implicitas ciertas otras cosas, ya sea que las tuviera consciente o fuera inconsciente


For-get. 
Fuck-it. 


Forget the old ways. 
There are always new and better ways 


Nunca se que hay arriba. 


A loop with new input. The outputs is the loop’s new input. 


It’s all pitch black. It is always now. This present moment. This house. This chair. I’m away. I’m thinking else. I’m being the guy that can’t be bothered because he’s doing something else. He’s that. A part of the process. Gets you were you have to be. By the gods will. 


Gods meet. 


Godlikeliness of Jung. Jung is my anchor to earth. 


Tradition is about anchoring in others teachings so you know you are not going crazy 
It is a useful tool. 


Why do I write everything as it sounds, prioritizing its music to its meaning. 


I prioritize music to meaning. 
Music and meaning are not the same thing. 
Music is the rhythm. The points. The patterns. Its substance. Its dream substance, it is not music. It is its matter. It is substance. Sound. 


God is sound. 


The pattern doesn’t know what it is going to be until it’s out there. 


I managed to deactivate a guy that if he’d want it that way, he would have killed me. 


I hope he is in better ways. 
New, better ways. 


People who kill themselves think its for the best. 


El nivel de las creencias es el nivel donde esta todo lo demas. 


La religion es natural y necesaria. La mejor religion sera democratica. 


Yo creo. 
“La magia, yo creo que es…”.


I recycle everything to make it fresh.


La luz me encandila. 


Que importa en realidad no lo que salga escirito. Lo hago con los ojos cerrados. Priorizo l a concentracion en mis pensamientos. Despues itengo descifrar que es lo qeue quise decir. No me detengo a borrar. No me detengo en errores. Apreto shift y empeiza una carrera contra mi mismo en l a oracion interminable. La mas larga que jaams pudiera escribir. No me detengo por nada. No se lo que escribo. No se cuatos errores de ortografia hay. No se que tan legible sea. Pero no paro. 


To sin is to enjoy the filth. 


The unconscious drives you. 


Mine is a school of thought. Think as fast and as randomly as you can. Then learn to stop and forget. 


If you go 13 steps, you have to come back 13 steps. If you go one, you come back one. Zero equals one minus one. 


You can’t tell the way in which things affect you. Affection is the consequence of your actions.


There are geniuses making music everywhere. 


There is something about raw sound that is not found anywhere alse in music. 


I interpret my own writings. Not for that I have to be clear. I can be as confusing and messy as I can. 


I choose the path to be. 


Every womanizer has his heart broken. 


Good music. Good life.


Manu characters of history knew how great they were. 


I’m no shy in my own writings. I’m talking to myself.


Recurring thoughts ruined my life. Now I excercise not to repeat a thought ever again. All thoughts newly created. Yo creo. 


I knew what bought me friends and what didn’t make me likeable. 


It is a shame. Being casted as a kid. 


The path to healing has many dirty roads.


Unhappy he who does not expect the unexpected to happen. 


There is horror in the unthought. 


Shelf communion. 


I don’t want to write. I don’t want to think. I want to think and my thoughts be printed. how the fuck would one manage to get one’s thought out of one’s mind. 


Writing is an art. A different languaged one than music. 


Meaning has layers. You should write. Set them in stone. Follow your inner core. Write it all for yourself. Have yourslelf explain it to you. 


Donde estas es como estes. 


Borned to be frontman? 


Do I hate my life when I’m no high.


I know that I can write anything about anything yet there are things I choose not to write about. Is it not their time? 
There is nothing more dangerours that an idea whose time has come. 


Peripheric vision. 


Casi apagado. 


Tardo en ver lo que escribo cuando bajo el brillo.


Sometimes I’m uninspired. 
It’s been a while since I last wrote. 
I’ve spent many hours of many days writing. Now I can’t stand sitting down for more than a few moments. 


Follow your unconscious. See the same images. Hold the last image before writing. Then write. Then come back to the last image. Don’t start writing unless you see the last frame. 


Balzer caminando con la camara.
Galligo bailando entremedio de los otros. 
El auto pasando al otro auto. 


We only need you to copy your face. 


Why don’t I see the sould of things? Why can’t I see? Why is there not enough energy for me? There is draining. There is tiredness. How much rest is needed. I already slept for many hours today. 


I don’t care what I write. I’ll see it in the future. 


It is your duty as the leader of the band to not damage the moral of your bandmates. Bring new things, do not let them stay bored for too long. 


Moral is lower the lower it is the standard of living. It generates resentment. Capitans get removed and exchanged by the best of them worst. The ones trying to see through anyone’s weakness to take action.
A change of heart only happens when there is a change of emotion. People that cannot control teir emotions hardly will be trustworthy. Because their treatment to you depends on how they feel at the moment. 


There are many and many and many pages that I still have to write. I don’t expect to die yet I don’t imagen myself living much longer. But did I ever?


Don’t sorrow. It is not what I have beome. It is not about me or you. It is not a torment to be alive. No lamentations. It will happen, whaterver has to. 


Tripping is an addictive state. 


Many have learned the limitations of the body and how to overcome them. 


Magic in a sense is truer than facts. Facts do not have any meaning. They do not exist in the meaning realm. They are objective.


Reality is objective, don’t matter whether I can take it objectively or not. 


It’s all blurry. It’s all noise. 


To end a life is to end that life’s trips. Dreams. Desires. Fears. 


Live the way of the artists. 


It’s conversations between me and the unconscious. 


I want to stay in the good side of life.


No bodily reactions are true. Facts don’t mean anything. Experience means everything. 


Do you know how to party? Do you know how to connect with others? 


I’ve tried and tried to connect and many things made me step back.


What it takes to be a genius is to let the gnius in you speak. Let him take over. 


Black is company for darkness. 


The only thing you can say about darkness is that it’s black. 
The only thing you can say about space is that it’s silent. 


The more outisde you are of the collective conscious.


You transform your way into society. 


I saw the ones who got all the women. The winners. I couldn’t comprehend none of them. 
Just being my true self I commprehended. There is no formula. There is no right pattern. Sensuality is an art of behaviour. Power is magical. You hold it when you know it. 


I don’t like deadlines.


Now it makes more sense. To be or not to be. That is the question. What is it that is. An what does it take for that not to be anymore.


 I can’t manage to write in a perfect position. What is the perfect position for writing that will in fact get my neck better instead of worse. 


Typewrites of the future are just keyboards.


Metalheads and classical fans share temperaments. 


There was one Christian and he died in the cross.


Truth, courage, careful articulation.


Sacrifice what's not necessary for the necessary.


Imitation, instruction love, encouragement.


Crucial beings.


You make a garden around you.


Good leader. Good lord.


Tiempo para crear. Tiempo para matar.