The black book is a book you have not yet written. 
It is a book on everything we can't know but guess. 
Every mystery.
Within the black book, more we don’t know, the bigger we get. 


Black. 
The colour of death. 
From death comes nothing but life.


Is a book you have always been writing.
It's a book made by you and for yourself.


All uncertainties. All certainties. 
All beliefs. All truths. 
All lies. 
All stories. 
Everything you have fits. 
Lyrics. 
Poems.
Emails.
Letters. 


Add everything you’ve written so far. 
Split it into smaller paragraphs. 
Delete what you don’t want to read ever again. 
Update what you don’t want to read ever again. 
It is a work of edition and re-edition. 
Recycle. 
Construct. 
Destroy. 


It’s not consciousness stream. It is me, sitting me down to stream my consciousness. 


A book with all things buried. 
Where the only reader is you, and the only purpose: writing itself.
A book where the only reader is me. 


It’s a book about you being. 
What your are. 
It's a book that also enlightens questions.


The black book is the book that remains when I die. 


A book about enlightenment, starting from pitch black. 
Ending, exactly at the same point. 


All question’s have an answer in the black book. 
There are not truths, there are no lies. 


The black book; infinite nothingness.
Just me and the dark.
Just I am.


For the black book you are the artist. 
As God an artist, you are the creator.


Going black so you can shine light on things.


It's called the black book because it's written in the dark.


It's called the black book because it's written in the dark.
Build your black book as a portal that can make you can back.
The black book as a portal for all that is you, contained in your thoughts.


The black book is your life's work. It will suck it all in.
What else could give you peace of mind if not pitch black.


The black book is the work of a life.


You'll write every thought.
You throw in the pond.
You'll come up with many realisations.


To fulfill the dream to at some point be buried in the central l cemetery of black books.


The black book because it goes deeper.
Because no matter how much light you put on things. No matter how much knowledge, you'd still be an infinity away from knowing it all.


The black book to wake up individuals. 
What resonates, think about.


The black book is the right tool to bury the old self. The book of death.


This is whatever the fuck comes into your mind mind, made a book.


This is a book dedicated to horror.
To uncertainty. Risk and opportunity.
A book for the adventurous.


Let it be the straightest path to your own truth.
What true is.


The black book is always empty. You have to feed it.


The black book. Want to hear about it?


It's only you and the science of magic.


Everyone has a black book. With all the things they bury.


You shine light on the black.


This book is mine and for myself only.


The One Self.


The black book is just me and my thoughts.


This is a book made by you.


It's a book that will recycle you.
Imagine after many years writing, the things you'd find about yourself.


The black book and the black scroll.


I keep writing this book in every situation.


Type every thing you've written into any amount of txt. 
Back up your things.
The black book is a book you write, and you'll never know what you'll find.
You won't remember.


In the black book you don't know who you are or what you are looking for.


Is the one book you'll ever write.


You'll always have your old thoughts to reconsider.


What you mean what you say anything will change.


There are words you've used and want to know what they mean.


In the end it will be.
One book; one concept. 


The black book is the book you've been writing on but never knew about.
It consists of every written word that has come into existence because of you.


The black scroll is composed of every chapter, paragraph or sentence ever written.


Let's see what you can know in a book that is pure blackness.


You'll get to see yourself but no further.


This book is for myself. To know my self. All the aspects that exist and have existed.


The black scroll ultimately becomes the black book after you are dead.


There’s nothing I can’t write. The black scroll is just the source for all the books I'll get to write.


The black scroll wouldn't be anything if it wasn't for you.


La vía de la mano izquierda.


La vía de la acción.
Verdad.
Sentido del deber.
Atención consciente.
Sentido de ofrenda.
Sentido de proyección.


La vida es una experiencia. 
La experiencia definitiva.
Te transforma.
Fuente de toda enseñanza y todo aprendizaje.
Conocimiento, aprendizaje y forja.


Lo trascendente y lo inmanente.


Firme en lo voluble.


Un escenario polarizado.


Ser en el no ser.
Luz en la oscuridad.
Trascendencia en la inmanencia.


El esplendor de la vida y el mundo.


Motivo de alegría porque si.


De gozo porque si.


El Eros entendido como un destino.


Absoluto masculino. Absoluto femenino.