The black book because it is a book about everything we don’t know. Every mystery.
The more we don’t know, the bigger we are. 


Everything is lawful. 


Universal laws are unmutable. 


Nature as a system. 


Survive all. 


The difference lies in what moves you. 


This system can’t be destroyed by men. 


Am I doing any good smoking weed and writing? Yes.


Bring something to solve the problems of human mind. 


I didn’t like that Jordan was so quick to discard Campbel.


What’s journal, journal. Extract. 


Problems greater than yourself. Can you solve them? 


Every problem is greater than yourself. You need your will and dreams. 


Do what makes you dream nice. 


Acceptance of the necessity of change to outgrow our own ignorances. 


Man trying to make the invisible, visible. 


Theological complications and scientific complications. 


Religious rebelion.


Individual theologies competing. 


Age of enlightenment. Humanism. 


Freedom is the first truth. 


God commanded, yet men and women couldn’t comply. Free will.


Worries because he doesn’t have worries. 


Make a living and make a life. 


Materialistic ambitions. 


Accept the complications as it is. 


Periods of embodiment. 


Men and women have been really different in their beliefs. 


Legal security is a failure. Money is not the answer to the problem of security. 


The mind has been bringing solutions since the dawn of time. 


Live with what you did, since it can’t be any other way. It can’t be any different. 


The differences are all solved in death. 
Do your best, but if you don’t get to where you want, don’t worry. There’s no place for none of that. 


They teach you multiplicity. That’s all they have to do to fuck up your mind for good. 


How can’t I talk about colors? 


Theory of color of Schopenhauer?
White is subordinated to black. Black was first. White is all. 


Each page a poem like the black page. Typewrited. 


Hell is within. 
https://youtu.be/Oqmofc36iA4


Light comes from darkness. 
Light as a continuation of darkness.
God is darkness. 


If I enjoy the world,
the world will not hurt. 


Philosophy and science. 


Do I know what I’m doing? Of course not. I’m discovering. 


Science is not of great success. 


Estoy muy tranquilo en el rancho.


Volve y mira las cosas como son. 


Religious are abstract (1).


Materialism builds what we can see. 
Religion builds what we can’t see. 


Modern science and education is facts gathering. 


Prove itself to our physical perceptions.


Modern knowledge. Let’s talk about that. No differentiation between truth, fact, opinion, even feeling for some. 


It is a sacrifice to go public. 


They like their anonymity. 


Some bands just want to be as big as they are.


Is stimuli helping or damaging.


The computer won’t do something the processors won’t do as such. 


Religion was transformed into theology.


Sensory perceptions. 


Magnificent universe, symbol of divine power. 


The change in culture reflects first in its memes.


Memes will be of study in any major change in the philosophy of history. 


Philosophy of history will be studied through memes.


What written is, written is. 


I smile again, because fuck that. 


There’s no fear beyond myself. 


No sense in clarifying so they don’t kill you. 


“Do you know why Socrates didn’t write and claim to know nothing” He didn’t remember. 


Don’t look for it, but expect it. 


I truly know the wisdom of Socrates because of Him and those who did before them. 


The left thought this was its opportunity to find its place in our psyche. They thought we’d bend. What you can only push so far. 


I overestimate every rival. They have my respect and admiration. 
Not everyone who insults me is my rival. Rivalry is about collapsing ideas with other giants that may or may now occupy positions of greater power. The ones you are trying to defeat for a greater good. In a healthy competition for the belief of the common people. A belief that is simple and has sufficient reasons to be true. 
Common people is for people, its shadow. You have your pairs, your rivals, and everyone else does not exist other than in abstraction. 
An abstraction is a manifestation of its own shadow. 


God has no smell. No taste. No touch. 


The light is everything that is. 


Journal.


Source.


Comparto la fuente para que alguien elija una frase sobre la que escribir. 


Energy for solution. 


United effort. 


Don’t reinforce negative attitudes. 


Planning never finishes. 


Nutrition. How to get better health. 


Foods improper to our needs. 


Allergic to negative thinking. 


Mental life. Mental nutrition. 


Hopelessly pointless. 


Contaminated thinking. 


There are things we do to ourselves. 


Indebted to our parents. 


Les debo la vida solo porque es cierto. 


Nada es necesario. Elegimos. 


Anything in life could be understood. 


Trouble is a challenge, not a disaster. 


We are not infallible. 


Can we be judged for that which we didn’t know? 


Esta tan tranquilo el rancho.


Al saber, arranco la hoja, a la vuelta, anoto una nueva lista y reescribo todo lo que me falto. 


True religious people won’t like what’s happening. This was necessary. 


The past is necessary for the present. Change the future past by building up the present. 


The past was necessary for the present (this is true, as it applies in all times).


This. All the days of my life. 
It’s progressive. 


Degeneracy is progressive. 


Time is necessary, since it’s here. 


Matter was necessary. 


What is God’s necessity? Why does God need us?


En un momento empezaras a hablar de Dios porque es todo en lo que podes pensar. Es, mejor dicho, el recordatorio sobre el cual pensas todo lo demas. 
Es el lente del todo. 


There is no trouble that is unsolvable. There aren’t any tools we don’t count with. 
We are just distracted and scattered. 


There is a solution to new age spirituality. 


Gain depth within and you’ll be greater and more powerful.


God gives Adam and Eve the capacity to discern good and evil when before we didn’t. 


Religious institutions want the spirit to evolve but they are trapping it. 


They play the lesser of two evils. 


It’s not like Adam didn’t like to do all things. 


Just straight obedience. Don’t eat from the apple. They want you out of dreams of spirit and eternity. Instead. 


I don't recommend anything.
This is not spiritual advice. 
Choose. 


El problema de las ideas viejas es que no saben cuando se quedan viejas. 


If I wasn’t such a good writer, people would believe I’m crazy. If I hadn’t recorded all, step by step, my findings. 


It’s all registered. 


You can skip any aspect of a thought if still concludes the same thing that implies it. 


The zaragosa manuscript. 


The red wheelbarrow. 


You are saying “you are not trans” when you say “you can’t know what you are”.


You don’t claim “I am a human being”. You be one. 


God’s orchestrated. 


God’s been moving from the beginning. 


God is static. 


Every thing that happens by chance was there for you to participate. 


I want to by a writer machine. 
I read that word. 


You don’t have to signify anything with anything. 


Loose memory. 


You can’t claim to know truth if the question is existential (from the beginning of time).


“Que vas a hacer?” Y yo recién despierto ni pensaba en levantarme. Me fastidio y ahora me causa gracia. 


He dismisses his own griefs, and achievements. 


Tiene problemas aceptando las cosas como son. Yo le voy a dar mejores cosas. 


Dale a otros cosas que sean mas faciles de aceptar. 


I don’t want those bad dreams clouding my mind.


What's so wrong about aging.


There's nobody there to hold you.


Understanding things you become free from them.


The left is rooted in violence.


The lion chasing me was entertaining because it was in my imagination. In reality, true risk makes it not so enjoyable. But such is the power of suggestion.


I've learnt from what they've told me. No matter if they wanted me to learn or not.


Fear in my self but not to myself.


You can think about things in such a way so that you can't ever be wrong.


Truth is defined by yourself.
So truth are not adjectives or adverbs.


No matter what happens I should be at peace.


What's true for the microcosmos is true as well for the macrocosmos.


Truth can't be decided by its size.


When you are walking your eyes are fixed but the view is never the same.


Sobredimensionar. El acto de ver a través del lente.


Lo que hacen los filósofos es sobredimensionar las cosas.


Sobredimensione al cigarrillo.


Walt in your dream. 
Transcend your mind.


She was only disgusted with herself.


Llevábamos para tocar a una habitación enorme.


Become a spiritual father as you are as well the son.


The son of men since I'm the son of none.


Once you decide to ignore it, it will torture you.


El verdugo.
El ángel oscuro.


You have to learn also to have no light.
Irradiate and absorb.


Honour without envy a man who has prospered.


The only thing we danced was cumbia.


The final judgement can be compared to a circle.


I'll find god when I forget everything I have ever learned about I.


What is about I is about I.


The industry is like the market. Not an existing thing.


What is about I is not about me.


I talk to dragons.


There are ways of understanding.
https://youtu.be/VDUR0pwLr_k


God fills all hierarchies of being.


Jesus gives us the full reality of what the world is in God.


The king and the scapegoat at the same time.
The cross as a great mystery.


Meaning is given by you and me. Meaning is given by God. But then it is regiven.


There are different paths but not different truths.


He who sees art can see beauty.


My philosophy gets more complex the more I write.


Each is not the other.
Individuality.


Individuation does not happen to everyone.


The cube loses a dimension in its projection.


If it's militant to think everything else, then that is not the right idea of God.
God should be logical in three dimensions, because it's as he is presented.


Papyrus rolls.


Good teachers seen as devious.


Thecla baptizes herself.


They put us into multiplicity. They want us scattered.


Can I joke about everything?
Yes.


I is 3.14.


Beyond one, there is all.


They want to pin it down though they can't do it.


God chooses through the vessels.


The tree flourishes where it's planted.


The only pin that open eyes is God.


Make it clean.


No need to say I. I is implied.
Am working on my thoughts and language.


Conclusions, right or wrong, don’t really matter. 


You can’t spend your entire life avoiding a thought.


What is it to go against god?


I’d also like to train my speech. 


Tie people I talk to in my head gives me different insights. 


Todo al journal y lo otro se publica.


En que momento piensan ellos que es mejor tener dinero?


You can be swallowed (by the industry, specially if you are young and naive).


Why can’t I talk as If I were older than what I am. 


I build entire universes from where I extract my thought structures. 


Voy a comprar y llevar para cocinar mañana o pasado. 


Perdi dos tornillos. 


I’ve been trying to live with myself my whole life.


There are infinite ways to go around a thing.


Mostly happens with the fears you are obsessed with. 


They were all talking about identity. Those thoughts. 


People who aren’t scared of anything, usually go in the wrong direction. 


I can’t stop writing even when an ant started biting my left arm. 


You make unity in words when they are written about the same. 


I have no more responsibility than any other ordinary man. 


I am no God, I am a God. Between infinites. 


The world is shaping. 


Let the wave drag you. 


He divided the water and found the past to be true. They have dominion over water. I do cold showers. 


Symbolic meaning is all that is true.


Many different insights about many different subjects. 


Pieces of my journal could be a part of a dialogue in a novel or screenplay. 


I mix mostly letters. 


An uninspired life is one with death of spirit. 


God is dead but only for those whose god is dead within. 
Consumerism, comfort and corrupted leaders.


Quien no ama el campo con todos los bichitos.


I went into trips with them. 


Es probable que se corte antes de que se caiga. 


Lo escucho todo como lejano. Como si estuviera sordo. Como si las cosas deberian estar mas fuertes. Es un engano de la percepcion. I\ in my head, in my face, my ears are where they are. 


No estas en tus oidos. 


I don’t know what they fuck I meant.
 
De Julio voy a aprender.


Impulses are thought-fueled.


There’s nothing else you could do now If you determined it for the future.


They may care way too much. 


Wake up, you are already in a cult.


The cult to State is the lowest. 


They just want the republicans to loose. 


Not everything I write are my own thoughts though I make them my own. 


Somos la tercera fuerza y la definitiva. Porque la impulsan valores morales abstractos. Ideales como la verdad, la justicia y la libertad.


If someone has to say something about it, it’s probably me. 


I need their names so I can call them. 


I went black and stopped saying hi.
I didn’t want I was ashamed (shy) (?).


(?) in every thing transcribed I don’t fully understand but decide to write anyway. 


Go figure. 
That is the meaning of the world.


I can be an example of true transformation. 


Can you inspire all? 


Almost as if I was saying “I’m okay with this”.


In retrospective, you can believe you were controlled. And you were, but just by yourself. 


Nothing higher than ideals.


If you are condemning something you didn’t read, you are a fool. If you are condemning something you’ve read but couldn’t comprehend, you are a fool.


A fool he who’s easily deceived. Wrong impressions of everything because of misinterpretation, ignorance or naivety. 


I first will go to trail. 
Speak my mind to the one judge. 


The realm of heaven and hell is no more than a microcosmic detail of what we do on our own to ourselves and our own beings. 


It goes against my fundamentals of being.


No me gusta pasar por estupido. O por que es que creo que tengo que intervenir en cada palabra. Me noto muchas veces corrigiendo a otros. Porque yo me corrijo a mi mismo todo el tiempo, y muchas veces lo hago desde informacion de otros, intencional o no.


How do you know if it’s you the one overdimensioning it. 


What aspect of it drives you. 


There is god and the universe. You can only get things from the universe and give the back to the universe. 


 I dreamed about me teaching caulumn what something he said meant. Andy was there, getting angry to him for the way in which he took the lesson. I was just telling him something. 


Not everyone wants to hear you always. That’s why you write books. 
Books are there for whenever you want to read them. 
When the student is prepared, the master appears. 


Everything is circular in the sense that is mirrored. 
The final judgement is the end of a cycle that goes both ways. 
I am to the nature what the nature is to me. 
I am to the guitar what the guitar is to me. 
I am to my parents what my parents are to me.
The reality is a reflexion of our own thoughts. 
I am to the reality what reality is to me. 


Many things written by me are a mystery to me. 


I can’t connect without wanting to connect.


Otros no me daban ni dos pesos. 


Me llamas inteligente pero no me dejas decidir. 


Releasing link the day of my death. 


Nothing is meaningless. 
This means two things:
there is no meaning in nothing;
there is nothing that can’t be meant. 
Meaning is to nothing what nothing is to meaning. 


Same points, outer or inner.


Meaning is to I what I am to meaning. 


Between significant point, one lap of the spiral. 
It is like I was reading in dreams because when I wake up I find all of this lines I’ve been thinking about. It may also be because my thoughts are redundant. 


Cinema is a cult to Pi.


The life of Pi. 


Thinking on things shows that it takes unnecessary time .


I have to stand by my claims. 


JBP is the right attitude towards dialogue. 
We’d talk with anyone who’d have him. 


I need paper and ink, for writing. 


You can always come back for more. 


It’s not about how many languages you speak but the realisation of your creative power. 


This is way I do it, to prove that creativity is something shared by all. Knowing this, you know it all. 


Just for not knowing what’s the type of person you’d be in relation to.


Just say “hi” like you’d do with anyone. 


Evola, Crowley, Jung. All spoke multiple languages. 


I don’t know how to say things I don’t think about. 


Podemos conocer hechos con la mente?


I don’t judge others’s interest in me. I judge my own. 


It was a hard pill to swallow. 
Life has many of those. 


How is it that I can’t have a sense of humour. 


Like this one. 


Nothing but my eyes. 


La nada es la no materia. 
La materia es la no nada. 


Los misterios de los cientificos son muy especificos. 


Expand your misteries to become greater. 


Smoke weed, write books. 


It is fine as long as the neck ain’t hanging. 


I look down and just see my nose. 


Barefoot in the gross.


Entregarse a que te piquen las avispas. 
Encuentro esta frase vieja y ayer ocurrio que entraron 5. Muchas mas afuera intentando entrar. Despues de intentar dejar salir la primera, y que se metieran otras dos. Tire raid. Aparecieron dos mas; lo mismo. Una fue a la telarana de mi amiga la araña y se la re comio. Espero que por el veneno no se muera ella tambien. 
No entiendo por que tantas avispas alrededor de la casa. 


Can I feel more than pain.


This is my vessel. 


JBP is showing the right side of Nietzsche. The one that showed attitude towards suffering. 


My own writings are mystery to me. I say things that after they happen, I read. And I can’t remember writing that. I don’t know where I wrote it, even though I know it is quite a long time ago. Time for a writer is counted in pages. Many thousand pages before. 


Maybe they were trying to rescue their dead friend. 


If they don’t find a rumour, they’ll make one up. 


Las relaciones no son a las idas y venidas. Si hay uno de los dos que tira, no hay ahi relacion que valga la pena ser salvada.  


We used to experience pain in nature. Nature used to teach us. 


Tampoco son tan sensibles los bichos al caos alrededor. Bien puede haber una oleada sin que se espanten.


En cada cosa que existe, hay una cosa que falta. 


I’m creating the myth of me, myself and I.


I talk for no one else. 


It’s better if everyone sees you. They build an image of you, then you exist. You remain in the collective consciousness. 


What lives is the spirit. 


I can ask for help from people to get the book better. 


What differentiates the mad man from the genius? Their beliefs. They don’t find fundamental truths and the others are rooted in truths. No matter how far they go they can always come back. 
The struggles end in death. 


History based on the struggle of recognition. 


Fear of death is what makes a slave.


Freedom begins only when nature ends. 


No place for fear in the world of changes. 


What aspect of it is driving you? 


Puede que sea solo la marihuana la que. 


Things are tied up to ourselves. 


I clean the place. 


The writer’s rewarding feelings of believing they are up to something. 


I own the place. I make it mine. 


Nada le fastidia mas a mi viejo que un tipo como Raulo, y yo soy como Raulo. 


Doubt their intentions. Trust them so you don’t have to. 


A man in the river killing the future true Messiah. 


We have to know all things. It’s inevitable. 


They are exploiting us through consumerism. 


I always react to the same man because I always encounter the same man. 


Relationship with smoking as a reminder of the most natural condition. 


The man by the river. 


The visitor could be God. 


El rio es mi vereda. 


Se mezclan las palabras por como suenan. 


Encontra la palabra justa y medita sobre ella. Contempla que significa en si misma.


Does not matter how big. 


New meanings of old words used to scare me. 


La autonegligencia es reflejo de la negligencia de los padres.


They are just. 


Suma las posibilidades. 


Suma las probabilidades. 


Los tienen concentrados, un punto significativo a la vez. 


Good stories are good stories. 
Good stories are hermetically good. 


 Blend with reality in your thoughts.


Efficiency (doing, faster) has real improvements in our life (doing faster).


Time is there to be administrated. 


What are the laws protecting us.


They hold the names in their.


Bad smells won’t hurt my sense of smell. 


They are two kind. Right in the center. 


Did they deduce it was a serpent? As a phallic principle. 


Where’s feminine symbology. Divine femininity. 


They took it too far. 


They push destruction so we can build back better.


Che guevara needs a symbolic equivalent. 


No puedo ser lo que no significa nada para mi.


Give me a TV to project apocalypse. 


The end is nigh.


Lo esoterico es lo que no se ve pero que existe adentro. 


Si no se pone deberes no sabe funcionar. No sabia que te terminabas regulando solo. 


No sabia a que hora me habia acostado. Nunca me acuerdo. Nunca pienso lo que hago cuando lo que quiero es escribir. Como y duermo porque debo. 


See advances in meditation.
 
Eat properly.


Things to take into account. 


What’s more important than writing your thoughts down. Writing is a matter of urgency. 


El loco se maneja en patas y en cuero. 


All the mystics unite.


All that exists outside exists within. What is inner is outer. As within so without. 


My old toilet, my old bed, my old furniture. 


Even furniture adquire value over time. 


You don’t think about how things are written when you write. 


You need to have micro time administration skills. Re adjusting focus to present time and conscious action.


Time’s administration is both large-scale and short scale. 


Siempre pensando que va a decir el. 


Present time and conscious answer. 


Hail. 


Eternal youth, how do you achieve that. Impossible living in the era of the law of men.


What does CF believe in. 


I think she believes in her cause but has doubts at times. You can’t persist forever on an idea you are not sure it’s right. 


Thought structure is both large scale and short scale. 


They identify you by your truck. 


Identity is entangled with things. Watching at them, they mean things. 


Books are thought trips. 


I know nothing about the future. It is hard to see the impossible things. We need to see the impossible to understand the one true possibility of things existing as they are. 


Do not surrender to God, fight and struggle to join him.


Knowing God is a union with yourself. 


How can you name something that is beyond being. 


How is it that we don’t talk about knowledge. 


Teacher of teachers, master of masters. 


Jesus is just one of many. Of course courage is contagious. I wouldn’t be doing this if it wasn’t for the path many walked before me. 


The dark force wants to put things into non existence.


You’ll end up thinking about phrases you’ve read once, but way ahead in the future.


Can you become the teacher of teachers? 


The teacher of teachers is an archetype.
As any archetype, you can embody it. 


What am I allowed to become. 


We all believe we are the one, as there is any other way. 


Magically, things appeared before me. “Napkins, come” and napkins came. 


Por buscar no juzgar se termina juzgando. 


Pienso que estoy comiendo bichos porque me guio por el tacto y el sonido. No miro lo que como. Nunca soy el mismo. 


We lost the sea. 


My belief about mixed cookies won’t change a thing.
 
No queria enterarme de que cosas sucedian en el mundo. Y siempre tenia en cuenta lo peor. 


Don’t take another step. 


Don’t go any further.


Man, this is a great power.


Jesus disfruto lo que hizo. 


Noe encontro gracia frente a los ojos de Yave.


Se abrieron las cataratas del cielo. 


I don’t see anyone free.


Historia antigua. Que interesante. Esos libros. 


La historia se estudia de primera mano. 


Dios se acuerda de vos cuando te incluye en un sueño. 


Vos no podes probarte a vos mismo que existis. 


Satisfaccion por la propia sangre.


Me pase largo tiempo tratando de entender por que habia llegado un amigo a desmayarse al ver su propia sangre, cuando ibamos a la escuela primaria. 


Confundi por mucho tiempo las tragedias con “la realidad”.


Toda la Tierra tenia la misma lengua y usaba las mismas palabras. 


Why did we evolve?


Degeneration and revolution.


“Yo hare de ti un gran pueblo”.


Fundador de un pueblo es un principe. 


No temas Abraham, yo soy tu escudo. 


Sacanoslos. 


The bible, the first book. 


What’s canon and what’s not canon makes all the difference. 


Christianity focused on Jesus the son. Not a mistake since he was the one that spoke the loudest and remained. 


The re-interpreting of religious texts.


Reality is pre-language. 


Si tengo frio en los pies, por que no iba a cambiar de calzado. 


I’m not like everyone else. No one is. 


How can an ant hurt so much. 


“Me dijo que esta muy buena la música que haces”.


“God plays the artist” creo que tiene varias formas de interpretarse. 


I should write stream of consciousness, then divide in blocks, then write a chapter. Or recapitulate using software and what’s already written.


The opinion of the majority defines truth for the modern world. 


I don’t follow them. I am one of them.


Es la tercera vez que aparece esta mujer en mi puerta. 


That is what magic looks like.


El sol, la luna y once estrellas. 


“Quiero descender enlutado junto a mi hijo, al seol”.


“Me ha confiado todo lo que tiene. Ni el es mas poderoso que yo en esta casa”.


El primer copero se olvido de el.


El agua se convierte en flama. 


No puedo vivir con el cuerpo en estado de alerta.


This are the beginning stages of true transformation. 


I’ve already lived through this, constant change. When I was little. 


New Age feminism is about them telling us what they are (what they believe or want to enforce).


Everything modern is shallow.


You choose the limits of your consciousness. You wouldn’t do politics the same way you’d do arts. Though everything can be made art.


Without souls, things have no depth. Only religion would make such deep culture. 


I’m experiencing manifestation; whenever you shift things move around you. 


Find the right values to make the right choices to have the right problems. 


What the right problems are is for you to decide. 


Don’t choose problems in the matter of importance. Choose the solvable ones. 


Should I own a gun? Should we all?


If you want peace, prepare yourself for war.


How long before someone gets bothered with what I say and do?


Music is limitless.


What does it mean, limitless. What it truly does represents. The limitless is a negative term, one of nothingness. 


Nothing is negative. 


El cero esta mas alla del ser. 


I’m proof that there’s a new wave of people waking up. 


Their kingdom will rot with them still sitting at the throne. Symbol of power once. Symbol of decay now. Holding on to power, nothing sadder than that. Power, either you have it or you don’t. What really is in your powers, happen.


They do cancellation by association. If you gave BM your writings then you are also a part of him. That’s what they do. 


This is the format since it’s faster to read. 


Sos un ejemplo burdo de lo que estas queriendo probar que no son. 


I’ve built a commitment to truth because I found that it was good. It builds reality around us, so the next time you perceive a thing, you’ll see more than before, in the right direction. 


What is the right direction. One with abstract values. The only that can shape you in body, mind and spirit. 


Aprendan a convivir hormigas.


Put the focus on how you felt, not how she is.


I’ve come a long way. 


I lowered my standards because my ideals degenerated. 


Don’t let your ideas degenerate. 


I’ve found value in marriage though I wouldn’t risk it. 


There are things you can know. 


Knowing is an interjection. 


Sometimes, what we know must be remembered. What about the ultimate truth. 


Don’t hold on to power. You can’t. Shape your inner core, the outer will meet. 


Fix your eyes,
the rest will follow. 


You split paragraphs in the way you say them.


The knowing I should always remember is “I have the mind of God”. Big superstructures instead of nothingness, just for its own sake. 


Things don’t need to be. Things are. 


You can meditate on anything you’d like to know. 


All humans were necessary, no matter how bad. We, humanity, must first suffer to finally learn. 


Listen to what others have learned for us. 


How can you be scared of something of your own writing.


I will never be able to detach from my influences.
What influences, is part of me.


You can meditate on anything you’d like to know. 


Si yo te lo enseno, vos ahora lo podes ver. Y podes ver toda la realidad a traves de estos nuevos ojos. 


“I haven’t yet thought about it” is a valid response. 


Sometimes you can be a bit too much on your head. 


Everything you know about God is man-made. You have to find yourself. 


Encourage and inspire. 


Este es mi micromundo Microuniverso. 


Esta es la vidriera. 


“Okay, so, this is happening, even If I don’t want it to happen”. You better realise it and prepare. 


El tambien se pego a un personaje y se fue poniendo viejo. 


Si el personaje no te calza, tenes que cambiar de piel. 


Para cuando esto vea la luz del sol, muchos de los que aparecen escritos van a llevar ya tiempo muertos. 


Enseñar a otros músicos a desbloquearse. 


Aprender requiere fe en el maestro. 


“Que es ese bolazo?”


I have in my mind those who never judged me. For the ones I did I forget. 


A book where the only reader is me. 


The town never forgets. 


Feel free to write anything. 


We won’t all be philosophers if we don’t all become writers. 


Writings is a precondition to philosophy nowadays. 


Writing, the fastest path to wisdom and enlightenment. 


Be mystic. Go for the esoteric. 


You are born clueless. 


But all things work in a way. 


God is the logical answer to the universe. One story, one storyteller that encompases the two. 


They are our other half. 


The multiverse is part of the +1. 


What for God is One, for us is -1. God is matter, we are spirit. 


Fiction tells the truth about spirit. 


You play also with your body so you guide the audience. 


Escribo cosas que podria escribir cualquiera. 


Grabo en el celu, reproduzco en el parlante, grabo con la grabadora. 


Me fastidia el sol pero despues me olvido. 


Olvidate de que algo te moleste para que darte cuenta de que en realidad no te molesta. 


What’s so wrong about feeling so good about life. 


These are all reminders to myself, even though I may never read them again. 


Cuantas veces no has visto un poeta correr tras sus hojas. 
You can only disappoint people who don’t believe in anything. 


We are a single unit. Our surroundings means us in relation. 


Ellos solo plantan la semilla y la ven evolucionar. 


The shadow of all men are women. The shadow of all women are men. 


Interactions of divine masculine and divine feminine forces. 


Trigger zone. I could prepare mentally. I could close an era. 


Ritual was there even when I wasn’t aware that it was. 


Cuanto tarda el papel en descomponerse? 


Don’t think about the problem. Think about your self. 


Proud of being bitches. They say it themselves. I’m scum but never proud of it. 


Psychology is always the same. 
Ashamed woman gets angry at people yelling at her for stealing a phone. 


I know where thoughts end. Maybe over time you complete them. 


Dream the dream you want to live in with things as they are. They could be different. 


The state just want people to cry for their help. 
They need you to need them. 


Don’t do wishful thinking. 


Left wing propaganda shamelessly messes with our heads. They don’t mind confusing us all to achieve their purposes. It is twisted. 


Achieve. 
Perceive. 


They hide us from the truth of the negative. 


The negative and the positive are interchangeable. 


He leido decir por que el dano causado por el feminismo fue necesario. Y lo fue para ampliar las barreras de la espiritualidad. 


Don’t be stupid anymore. 


The left got to destroy all systems and institutions but lost culture and values along with it. 


There is value in institution, it is just not in the institution itself. 


Disrespect could be funny if done with humor.


Sometimes a not so good joke can land well with performance. 


Humour is also about timing.
 
Remember all those times where you made someone laugh. 


Every funny moment could become a joke written down. 


I have never written down something that I consider a joke. 


Dissolve the ego, it’s safe and supported. There are plenty here with you. 


Yo sabia de lo que me estaba hablando cuando me dijo que habia vendido mi alma al diablo.


Gabriel era un angel re oscuro. 
Gabriel mato al diablo?


Miguel mato al diablo. 


Algunos valoran el arte religioso y otros lo niegan, por estar hechos por hombres.
 
Ninguna figura es religiosa en si, pero el arte puede ser religioso y referir a escrituras biblicas. 


Just pile written paper. 


People spy us. All the time. They the masters of suspicion mind.  


You have to stand in delusion to find truth. 


A little spider in the corner of my room. 


I should write horror scenes as I live them. But I just want to change the subject. Yesterday was the first time I wrote one down. 


Escribir en la computadora tambien tiene su encanto. 
Lo importante es escribir. 


Things will go south at some point. 


South expedition. 


This a never ending work of art. 


Tengo que bancarme las consecuencias de lo que digo.


What makes us different is we can know right from wrong.


La desesperanza viene de ver gente retractarse. 


Your soul, stained, stays alive in the minds of men. 


Do as much damage as you can before falling down. 


He embodies everything he sees. 


Perverts can be parents. 


Perversion is embracement of confusion. 


Sufrir con afan y morir con voluptuosidad. 


La vida es sufrimiento (conflicto) porque es inevitable. Pero a la vez es lo contrario. 


El sufrimiento te tira para atras, la felicidad hacia adelante. 


El truco esta en aprender a ir para adelante aun con miedo y sufrimiento. Coraje. 


Los personajes explican cosas de mejor forma. 


Se acaba el agua y no hay mas gente. 


Hechar mano de la navaja de afeitar. 


La vida siempre tiene razon. 


A mi no me van a parar mis padres. 


Ella miraba el suelo meditando. 


You don’t believe in it until you can’t keep denying it. 


El reino de Dios. 


Jesus the Messiah because he was the first martyr.


In between lines transcribed, a video to clear my mind. 


Brotherhood. The Saviour and his little brothers. 


Take reality as it comes. 


You can’t not want to think about something without thinking about it. 


I was reminding myself something I once believed. Eternal torture. 


The mind of God. He can’t help creating what comes to mind.
 
A happy house is one filled with friends. 


The brave are not fearless. 


Los vicios son lo ultimo y no deberian ser los primeros. 


La experiencia universal es un orden jerárquico de prioridades. 


They make you become paranoid about everything you do. 


How do you prove yourself that you are seeing the right things? The right colors, the right sounds. 


I’m visually and auditorily impaired. 


Impaired. Not pair. 


They took the funny images out of our heads. 


Estoy al costado del rio y puedo llamarlo mi casa. 
Es perfecto, este lugar. 


Yo miro y veo el rio. 


Nombrar al padre es nombrar a los necesarios. 


They made them all stop trying. 


A shape starts shaping. 


We struggle to find songs. Find art.


ARt are findings. 


Distaste causes trauma. 


There’s a whole energy in them. 


If they.


I play music (guitar) with the birds. 


La inspiracion se cultiva. 


Multiple universes in writing. 


La veo pero no la miro. No le presto ni atención. 


I used to not look at people. 


La gente que se persigue hace locuras. 


Responder con amor no es responder con blandeza (sin firmeza). 


Existe palabra que no tenga antonimo? Todo significa su contrario.


Su contrario es todo lo que el no es. Lo que no es tambien tiene significado. 


Esta bien tener miedo, lo que no esta bien es entrar en panico. Nunca ha ayudado. 


La ayuda es la ayuda, pero la ayuda tambien es lo no empeorado. 


There are meaningful looks. 


Some more effective, or self destructive than others. 


I have the right to stand my ground and be the observer. 


I can’t guess everything by pure intuition. 
I can though, but I won’t be right. 
I will, though, but only my own terms. 
Magical idealism is long known. 
That’s why we have tradition. 


I hold the thought that some know the answer just by guessing. Guessing beforehand. 


Un monton de abejas vinieron, volando juntas. 


Una cosa es lo que no es su contrario. Las cosas son. No se que son pero es obvio que no son las nadas. 


Hay algo en vez de nada. 


Algo en vez de nada.


Algo es la no nada. 
Nada es lo no algo. 


Mejora es lo que no empeora. 


Being atheist, it’s just arbitrary rules. 


I really look at people. 


I’m allowed to watch by.


Una observacion que te tiro. 


If uninspired read, if inspired write. 


Bibliomancia es jugar a despertar una memoria en alguna parte. No es descubrir que escribir, sino que pensar. PEnsar y escribir son el mismo arte. 


Pensar todos pensamos pero pensamos diferente. 


Me robo las monedas y se las gasto en mi cara. 


Egoistic he who feeds only his ego. Trapped in limitant belief.


Respeto el contrato social. Es lo sabio. Respeto la autoridad, las formas, la ley. 


Muchas veces ha ganado el odio. 


Me hacian notar que mi ropa no era suficiente para salir. 
Old, dirty or ugly. 


You can suffer everything, but it won’t poison you, what you don’t resent. 


Dress however you want, but is this really what you want to wear? 


You never run out of things to discover. 
That’s why you also need to take breaks. 
Stop writing for 7 days. 
I bet you can’t do that. 


Tengo que dar las herramientas para que puedan ayudarse a si mismos. 


Tradition is passing the torch of wisdom. Jung. Campbell. JBP. Me. 
I’m the successor of whomever I choose to follow. 


Why can’t you see you are so high. 


Humanity has named all things. 


He let down plenty of people. 
Letting down feels like deceiving, even though it is nothing like it. 


It’s time we roll backwards. 
Contemplate life, stop bothering your neighbour. 


They are wrong in the following of a cult leader. 


They are all stories, I just don’t have the time to write them down. 


Stephen King must write sniffing coke and jerking off.
 
Jerks. 


Do not expand your discoveries in random shit. Follow a direction that is also so wide that can let you spread while making sense of it all. 


Louder.


You remember your own thoughts and it builds a structure. 


“Vos no estas muerto porque yo no quiero” era una verdad consciente de las interacciones de antes. 


Philosophers don’t mean all their words. Sometimes they are distracted by a… 


No importa si crees en lo que te pasa por la cabeza. Escribi. 


La fe mueve montanas. 


Esta bien tener una minima ayuda. 


“Somebody please explain” and that’s me coming. 
I only explain myself. 


Delirium has been taken way too far. 


Ask yourself “why was Jesus important”. He’s an adventurer, discoverer. 


I reflect the spirit of the adventurous through my knowledge and admiration of them. They are the freers of mankind. 


I am what inspires me. 


The meditative monkey. 


Hide in plain sight. 


Show yourself. 


I couldn’t have done it without JBP. Nor milei, nor campbell. Non austin, nor gabriel.
I’m filled with my influences. 


How I experienced those situations is how I write fiction. 


La mano izquierda nunca es solo correcta. Rebota, juega, cambia el sonido de la guitarra. 


Gabriel era un demonio disfrazado de angel. De el aprendi mucho, pero me desilusiono. 


Cagarse en los de arriba es divertido, pero no llega a nada. 


Dangerous times. 


Manson had depth: but he also advocated evil.


You can’t remain forever in the superficiality of things. 


It depends on how you look at it. 


Internet will eventually speak the truth. 


Internet was necessary also, for the unification of mind. 


Don’t let any sentences unattended. 


Writing is always different. 


Noobies have false expectations on how a thing is. They misread the situations. 


The wisest sees the most. 


The wisest is the one that knows the least because he sees the most. 


Weed is the water dive. It’s not water when you are not stoned. 


Thoughts can also be fire, air, and earth. 


Grounded people just think earthly things. 


You know how to lock words but nont how to unlock them. 


Es sabio preguntarse siempre donde esta la trampa. Pero si no la vemos caemos en ella. 


Mis intenciones siempre en el lugar correcto, pero hay trampa. 


Detach from the emotional reality of your thoughts. 


#Revision.


No puedo no hacer nada al respecto.


Puede que el bruxismo haya aparecido despues de que deje de fumar. 


No estaba nunca consciente de los cambios en mi cuerpo. 


Smoke weed to connect. 


I may have been a bit autistic. 


Idiots lie. 


Songs have meaning. 


The reflective god. I didn’t get it at the time. But it resonated. 


Maybe you thought some of the stardust would rub off on you? 


Me recorde de muchas cosas. 


El espiral significa lo que vos quieras pero la direccion es una o a la otra. 


La imaginacion se usa para hablar. 
Las cosas comienzan a alinearse. Mi relacion con otra persona. Until one comes along and everything fits perfectly. 


You cultivate those states of mind. It is not a switch. 


Now I can never forget. 


You can never forget the things you understand you think you understand. What’s new overrides the old. 
New understanding always stands last. Old understandings get forgotten. 


La religion es el culto a la realidad y nuestras herramientas para comprenderla. 


You do no good by leaving. 


Politics they play with inner demons. Just like Ozarks. 


Politics is to make people do something with a certain benefit or interest. 


They have access to your clinical history. 


The expression is a relic. 


Episodic memory. 
Remains in the dark. 
It may never return. 
You should prepare yourself for that. 


Everything is connected.
Everything has a purpose. 


Don’t be uncomfortable with moving fast, make that blood pump through your body. 


Who am I now in comparison with who I was when I was young. 


I should check my heart. 


Check the thoughts of your heart. Send to the center what ‘s on the center. Non duality. Brightness and darkness are part of the same thing. 


Estan rompiendo nuestras mentes. Eso en definitiva es algo bueno. 


Can you listen to the heart and trust it? 


Talk more about the heart. 


Who I am depends on the energy I currently count with. 
I have an infinite source of energy now. 


I know I am all I am.
 
“Siempre son delirios misticos” Espero que con eso en mente pudiera darme cuenta de la trampa y no caer en ella. 


Could I recover from any mental illness if I just read my own words one more time? 


Most rpg games just have ambience going in the background of any scenery. 


Just me and the metal and the tyres, the oil and the fumes of mazut. 


Profligacy.


Sol Aurum.


A prodigious snorter of nose candy.


You create your own metaphors. 
It does not matter how bad or good they are. 


It helped him connect with the “Higher Realms”.


There’s more social awareness than the young ironists. 


Escribo estas lineas sobre el libro “El lobo estepario”. 


I am perfectly coherent in my thoughts. 


You hold your endgoals. 


Nothing can go wrong with a pen and a piece of paper. 


Do great things. 


The only way to achieve great things is by doing great things. 
Think what great things you can do with what you have now. 
Create the representation for embodiment. 


No hay forma de que hayan sabido que (...).


Screaming in the cell for everyone to hear your transformation. 


Lo recibi como que si me hiciera una entrevista. Me recorde a Escohotado. 


We also have eyes to see sex besides gender. 


Es fumar un mal necesario? 


Existe tal cosa como un mal necesario? Entonces tambien, un bien necesario. 


Un mal necesario vendria a suplir una falta. 
No todas las faltas son malas.


No avanzo porque no me interesa. 


Si le gusto mi musica ya se que eso podría hacer el principio de nuestra comunión, cuando dos mentes se cruzan en un mismo sueño y lo transitan juntos. 
Comunion es la común unión de los sueños. 


La realidad no pasa como debiera porque esa no es la realidad. 


“Guy who Manson liked“ kind of mind will make you ask yourself if you are being stupid for trying. 


Order is there for you to build up. 
Order is over which you construct.


Hoi polloi.


The absent leave magic after their deaths. 


Con cada persona que ayude voy a probar que tenia razon. 


Voy a recordar el rancho como la mejor etapa de mi vida. 


Someone will find my writings eventually. 


Algo es, lo que la nada no es. 


Es peligroso lo que hay que hacer para defender la verdad. 


Marx creo que sabia parte verdad. Comunismo es un nuevo comienzo. 
El entendia que siguiendo un idealismo histórico no se cambiaria la historia, que para ese entonces, en su percepcion, era muy desigual y la cuspide de la piramide tenia la impunidad de abusarse de los de mas abajo. Las clases sociales. 


Las clases sociales hoy estan licuadas. Ya no existe eso de asociar algo a alguien. 


All equal is a question of the eyes. 


El mundo no seria posible sin internet. El creador de internet hizo que el mundo sea hoy lo que es. 


PEople that made things as they are now. 


The domino effect. 


De quien era amigo el abuelo? Por que pense que no la habia encontrado? Por que pienso que estaba amargado?


Mute and indifferent to your sightings. 


Hago todo mientras hago otra cosa. 


La salud mental no depende para nada del uso de tu cerebro si no la calidad de tus pensamientos + sentimientos. 


Tanto es asi que me pongo en lugar de profesor. Quiero explicar lo que se. 


Maestro es cualquiera que enseñe.
 Profesor es un titulo universitario. 


Puedo/podia tranquilamente dar la clase pero de lo que a mi se me antoje: la verdad. Para eso esta el blog. 


Seria el segundo mesias si fuera el mejor mensajero. 
Spread the word. 


Las charlas con Nadia ayudaron a airear cosas con mis viejos acerca del espacio creativo. Algo acerca de lo que ellos no entienden.
Sus oficinas son sus espacios, en vez de sus hogares.


Rabia da que la gente diga “no puedo” sin haberlo intentado. Frustra y agota. 


Altas hojas estas. Se escribe re lindo.


Hay que contrarrestar el aparato generador de profecias. 


Condenado a muerte. 
No lo estamos todos?


Give me the juicy part. The metaphysical. 


The metaphysical is always more vast and has plenty more details than the one you would have with physic lives.


We’ve reached the point where humanity is closest to the worst. 


Jesus wouldn’t had been without things as they were at the time. 
He couldn’t have come in any other time than the one he did. 


Los nenes ayudan asi aprenden. 


Even if you miss the details, you can live things as they are in a different time. With historians’s eyes. 
I have infinite pairs of eyes, to see the world as I would most likely do. 
Infinite eyes, not pairs. The third eye is one. From two, one. 


I knew a lot about anxiety. I didn’t know how much was a lot of knowledge. Now I know its only key is consciousness. 


You get lost in words. 


Creative symbols just happen after so much writing. 


Pensa toda tu vida como si fuera tu propia obra, porque lo es. 


La muerte es el consuelo definitivo. 


No more struggles. 


Indications were easy and were free.  Good/bad. Free choice. Now think. And the clock starts. Think and solve what anguishes you so much before you are dead. Eventually dying leaves everything meaningless. Unless you leave something. Magic. 


You can make reality more meaningful to others even if it wasn’t like that for you.


Symbols.
Lost.
Lost symbols.


The hierarchy of things is not for humanity to decide. 


A la que le pregunte a que se refiere con “no hagas mas eso o te mato”.


Todo me sobresaltaba porque todo sucedia afuera y yo estaba adentro, no veia. Mis oidos me interrumpian. 


Clave en las pelis de terror que lo que te interrumpan sean los oidos.
Vos estas en tu viaje, con tus cosas, y un sonido te interrumpe. 


No es casualidad el auge de las peliculas de zombies con el avance del socialismo. 


De que sirve un apocalipsis zombie en un mundo desordenado. 


I put you in my dream. Dream by dream That is fiction. 


No importa que no esten en orden mietras esten tachados. 


They’ve declared war to the kingdom of god. 


The paradox of life is we know what the kingdom of heaven is and what, the kingdom of hell. 


It is more accurate to talk about heaven and hell than to talk about god and satan. Hell is a continuation of god. 
Heaven. 
Earth.
Hell.


They did make me fear hell.
I ended up fearing hell.
I just didn’t know what hell meant. 


I did (1) what all the others did not (-1). 


Everything is as it is because of what others did.  


He showed the way of Salvation. 


Jesus is a hero. Had a heroic life and death. 


When you learn evil your consciousness will grow fast (but in any direction). 


Action is the way of the one possibility. 
Knowledge is the way of the every possibility. 


An impossibility is for knowledge a possibility as well. 


You don’t need to be so rooted on earth. Transcend your mind. 
Go beyond.


Do your own way. 


Lo que no se disfruta despacio es ansiedad.


He was making the wrong conclusions. 


La magia es la otra ciencia. 


Tu mente realmente no es nada, simbolicamente todo. 


Todos los dias escupo el primer mate frio a la planta mas grande. 


Tene cuidado con como hablas. 
No te podes referir a cualquier cosa con cualquiera. 


I’m beginning to live. 


Jesus is our brother and it’s exactly how he should be seen. 
A fellow human with christ consciousness and a heroic life. 


Somos hermanos de parte de Dios. 


What do you believe is the greatest thing? Whatever it is, that’s God to you. The Universe? 


Somos hermanos de parte del Universo. 


Jesus trajo el mensaje. 
High level. 
Top tier spirituality. 


Only so many people possess the truth. 
Are possessed by it. 


Plant a seed and grow a tree. 


To live heroically, become. 


Ideas should be complete on the same page. 


Books aren’t static. Meaning (1) moves forward. 
Time moves forward in meaning. 
If never was meaningful to you ever again, time wouldn’t pass for you. You’d just be holding on life. Meditating. Forever. 


Birth is how a part of god becomes a unity different from God itself. 


Reality (-1) is negative to us (1) and we (-1) are negatives to reality (1)


You can’t say relity is circular because reality follows no shape. Symbols do. Mind structures. 


Magic is real whether you see it or not. 


Seeing someone from afar is a seed of horror. 


Mas es menos. 


We all need the same things. 


Esta bien hacer eye contact y no saludar. 


Muchas veces no te dan nada que puedas entender. 


Hay un axioma, y es que podes entender lo que es verdad. 


It’s okay to be a freak. 


Te tenes que encontrar con los libros. No se investigan y se compran. It looses magic. 


Jesus no tuvo descendencia. 


Morte is the ending. 


The birth of a sentence. 


The death of a paragraph or an idea. 


Solo la primer oracion es fija. 
La semilla. 


La magia es real. 
Either you have it or you don’t 


The darkness is light enough.


I don't see the purpose in keeping nor deleting pictures of past memories with her.


Do not assume anything.
This is just as serious as you want to make it.


You play music with others to experience time with others.


I walked under every stair that I could see on the street.


I didn't believe in luck, nor destiny.


No, heat, please don't go away.


We function on heat.


Serial patterns.


Cómo quien sabe todo de una historia, narrador, limpiando pensamientos en el lector y en el personaje implantandolos en si mismo. En el narrador mismo.


El problema de la sobriedad es no dejar ir.


I thought that if I didn't have it in mind I would somehow forget and be dictated by it without me noticing.
It's not exactly how it happens. 
It is a self accomplished prophecy.
No matter the intention but the essence.


La gesta del marrano fue alto viaje.


Por qué me juzgo con la vara de otros.


Sabes que es Dios y para que sirve?


Quiero hablar con liviandad de Dios.


The mind is a tool of infinite possibilities.


You can go from where you are to the beginning of the universe and you'd still be here.


They ask you to feel sorry.


The black book.
A book about nothingness.
The book of I.
I and the dark.
I is.


Tiene alguna importancia el orden de las frases?


Como desciende el dolar blue. 


Mother of joy. 


Was always like this? 


The dark ages, I grew them up. 


Suena bien pero da asco. 


Alguien quiere entrar por el piso del rancho. 


Steps on the roof. 


We are on the way. 


They dispute who’ll get to kill me. 


Is the hated prosecuted by reflection of all. 


You are someone else. 


You are someone else. 


Estoy cansado de escribir palabras vacias. 


Era Terrance Mckenna con otros como era con sus amigos? Siguio siendo igual con sus amigos a pesar de haber aprendido tanto y cambiado tanto?


There’s music that can’t be listened to. 


Hay discos para todos los colores y sabores. 


Menos mal que te dijeron. 


Tiene lo suyo la banda 22. 


“Organizamos para la cena, te parece?”


La diferencia entre lo urgente y lo importante. 
Para la experiencia no hay ninguna. 
Lo mas importante para mi es la vida, y la vida con urgencia es mas cercana a la muerte. 
La importancia de las coas no la doy yo. 


I’ll attract my faith. 


Me tengo que andar escondiendo para no ver a nadie en mi propia casa. 


I can dream that I am everywhere else. 


Does anything matters if you don’t manifest it? 


La idea es juntarla en pala. 


Hay veces que estoy incomodo escribiendo. 


Hola Gonzalo. 


Library of Alexandria, greatest tragedy. 


I know I am, and since I am not every possibility but one, I am all. 


I’m a reflection of all that I’m aware of. 


Every movement produce a spiral.


Agarramela con la mano. 


Todos tenemos derecho a no ser despellejados vivos. 


Let the man raise within you. 


Death is good. 


Decide. Dead or alive. 
Half dead or half alive is not good. 


Death is good since it’s part of life. 


Rise the dead. That part of you that remains dead. 


Cual es el ideal mas noble.


No se por que quiero escribir a veces con birome.


La paja eterna. 


Empiezo el blog. 


A veces pierdo el tiempo mucho pensando cosas que no son in actuality. 


“Donde está mi celular? Bueno usalo o te lo saco”.


Que implicancias tiene creer que venimos a vivir en comunidad. 


Die. Dying is good. Kill your old self. Be reborn.


Everyone deserves another chance. 
Only because everyone has it. 


I love my brain and everything that was given to me. 


Gratitude. I have it for my spirit, body and mind. 


“Somos amigos” fue la respuesta a la cachetada. 


Why wouldn’t you like to live in love. 


Be in love with life and death and its struggles. 


Be Marx not Lenin.


Lenin era un pajin.


Hay cosas que están hablando de el y no de mi.


Creacion de partidos obreros socialistas de masas dentro de cada estado nacional.


Just by adding caps to State, you put it right there with God. That’s the association I did when I was little. Pure language. How it relates to itself. 


El marxiismo es la doctrina economica de Marx.


Antes los escritores causaban daño. Lo digo como un cumplido.


No one is unsafe around me.


I think bugs try to kill themselves. 


Morality comes from a long sense of hope or lack of. 


Hope will mold your decisions.


The bad man lives through you as well as the good man.


We are the source.


Learning is waking up to a new thing. 


You would learn indefinitely if you could read exactly what you’d like to think about. 


We are the source of everything that manifests.


Big mistake to listen to stupid people that believe they only spit truth. 
The wise are well aware of their ignorance.


El -1 es todo, lo que aparte de eso (1), no sabés. 


All of knowledge has that part that’s ignored. 
Its shadow. 


You can split any paragraph in up to one line. 


There are mostly big thinkers. 
People cherrypick. 


The ying and yang are light and darkness. 


The metaphysique and physic (?) are logical.


The physical is consequene of the metaphysical.


I believe they don’t love what I don’t love. 
I believe they don’t love me when I don’t love them.


Just have grace to avoid wrongdoing. There’s nothing as wrongthinking. 


They shaped our present and made it irremediably worst. 


Don’t block what happens around you. Just have grace over them.


If I understand it, I can outplay it. 


What I understand, I’m free from. 


It’s just I and I’s choices.


Love can be experienced in the subtlest level.


La policía del pensamiento nos conviritió a todos en criminales.


He must have known what he embraced. He chose to do it, see what happens. 


You can be powerful as a satanist, but only on this world. 


Everyone is leaving. 


To ride the tiger is to do it with grace. 


After first heartbreak, I found peace.
In the middle of crying, it stopped.


I wanted to overcome it in the alchemycal process but I didn’t even feel sadness anymore. And everything was greyand I thought I was wrong.


There’s no meaning if you are not there. 


It depends on how strong the friendship is. 


How are my greatest friends? All around me.
 
“I didn’t want to continue that friendship”.


The search for the self is not in any of the poles. 


You have to be master of air in this day and age. 


The eggshell broken.


Blow my trumpets, Gabriel.


The evil ones tell us what is. 


You can let go at every given time. 


 You can let go at any given time. 


I have now the time to fix my lines, as I transcribe them. 


Cigarettes After Sex, first album. 
Apocalypse. 
Listening to it. 
Reminds me of a friend.


Lock the beast in the cage. Let it out. See it punching the walls. The presence of the dyonisian act. 


Dioniso was nothing like this carnivals de porqueria. 


Todo el mundo de hoy es una caricatura. 


El Burdo.


I should name myself I, so everytime they talk about I, they talk about themselves. 


I can be the worst and also the wisest. But the will to be good of the wise, will always make him a bit sad. 


When I say “I” I’m talking about myself. 
But when others say “I”, they don’t talk about myself anymore.


Una oracion; a veces me suena, a veces no. 


La idea es que no les importen las distracciones, que son sutiles.


If one lived it, I lived it.


It was the battle of a life. Same with Socrates.


I’d like to read more about the life of the wise. Their struggles. It takes many lifetimes to get there. 


Religious speaks life in spirit. 


Jung ordered.


All the same.


I’ve been writing about Jung long ago before I even start reading him. I’ve only watched an interview or listened through others. This proves a point though. Life is in the spirit. Jung lives through me, and I barely know him. He lives in my because everything is alive in spirit. Not meaning things you are cutting your own wings.
Writing about someone you don’t know speaks truth about how everything is an idea of yours. 


There’s no deeper truth that finding out that you are the one make up all those stories. 


El no debe acordarse que fue el el que me pidio que cediera y por eso lo hice. Creyo que eso estaba en mi caracter. 


La rebeldia es tu mejor virtud.


They wake into another dream.


All dream trasspassing requires demolishing of the previous.


Saints are the darkest. They saw deeper but chose to keep the light on.
Jesus is supposed to be the eternal flame.


I fell in love with the flame at the church. But they lied to me, because the teacher was superstitious and idolater. 


No te quedes con lo que pienses que no podrías ser. 


Biffy Clyro is sad or I am sad?


The darkest grace.


I hold other human spirits within me.


I write while I wait for something else to happen. 


I just fill up the pages.


Darkness (-1) must be integrated (0).
1 is what you hold knowledge of, -1 what you are ignorant of (-1). The totality is 0. 


The 1 and -1 are parts of the 0. 


Cero is totality.


Community with your friends and family. 


Cuack, cuack. 


You need to see what happens at the end of the story. 


Weak nature of men. 


We come here to become strong. 


There’s a war on excellence.


We need more moustaches. 


Sinful worldiness. 


Individualism. 


This lines are just here for me to make sense of the world. 


There’s an unshaved urban and corporate society. 


Emblem of apehood. Beard. 


Culture invites counter-culture. 


There are oppressive status quo.


Radicalism, individualism and peace. Moustache. 


King David. How to be a conservative rebel.


Black kid thinks white kid is a ghost. 


Dancing the tyranical system. The snake. 
King Saul. 


Perspectives o f someone who wants to resist the system. 


King David, playing music. 


Sooth character. 


Counter point of excess. 


Music. 
Time-unnamed. 
Rhythmic. 
Unfixed.  


Saul wants to name him (David).


You kill a system by fixing it. 


Fix it; name it. 


The mark of Cain. 


The system of naming. 


The King hidding. 


The strange, the enemies, the darkness. 


Transgressing. Sin. Missing the target. 


Manifesting. 


David runs away. 


There’s something innocent about the transgression. The priest gives David the bread. 


Goliath the sword. 


Pretends to be insane. 


Moving into the margin. 


Aligning yourself with the stranger, with the enemy. 


His intention palying itself out.


To cover his feet. 


David cut the king’s fringe but not his head, because he didn’t want to.


David and a revolutionary. 


Restore the rule of law.


Miss the mark to not propagate a tyranny. 


Conservative rebel.


Get higher identity into a higher purpose. 


Where’s the difference? Whhere are you looking. 


What is right and what is virtuous.


“I cannot agree with you”.


Point to a higher meaning and become a victim of the system 


There’s a problem of hierarchy between State and Church. 


Remind them of the fringe. 


No pienses que me dormi. 


Time to clean up the mess. 


I should work on my music.


Ableton is the only way for me to execute what I produce. It is designed for it. 


The moving relationship in music gets subtler. 


I deduce what I tried to say by the kind of things that I usually think. 


I sit down and think about the strange. The enemy.  


I should see it as a good thing that I’m aout to run out of weed. 


Maybe I’m smoking a bit too much. 


Cuanto puede tardar en cargar? 


Life couldn’t be better. 


They cannot see how much I see.


Everything is fixed. 


You can’t fix it. 


Think about them. Have them in your heart. 


He understood all. 


What do you pay attention with? 


Awareness and paying attention are different things.


Can you write with grace?


There’s good in creation.


There wouldn’t have been a world without opposition. Perfect harmony does not exist in reality.


Harmonious are a perfect equilibrium between the dark and the bright. The light and it’s absence. There are things you can’t know and never will be able to. So there’s nothing left but to integrate it. No need to have faith in unknowledgable things. No need to make up the answer to an unsolvable question. 


What is reality and what is it made of. 


We didn’t talk about it.


Deberia comprarme unos binoculares y un telescopio.


See the truth, no matter how dark, no matter how painful.
The only way to move on is towards it. 
Through it. 
Beyond it. 


Celebrity anyone who’s praised. 
I do not advocate for celebrating people. 
Admire those who deserve your desires of becoming.


I thought I was evolving with him, and he went downwards. 


Music distracts you. 


Marxismo va contra la metafisica en general.
Materialismo histórico contra idealismo histórico.


El movimiento es la forma de existencia de la materia.


Relacion entre el pensar y el ser.


La naturaleza no es el principio fundamental.


“La libertad no es otra cosa que el conocimiento de la necesidad”.


La metafisica es antidialectica. 


El aqui y ahora existe eternamente, sin embargo nunca es el mismo. 


La unica constante es la impermanencia.


Actividad practica revolucionaria. 


Dicen que es el ser social el que determina tu consciencia. 


Las condiciones economicas de produccion han revolucionado la historia desde la perspectiva materialista.


Uno puede trascender a su sociedad. 


Instauran conflictos asi buscamos las formas de resolverlos. 


Left is problem maker. 
Right is problem solver.
To much of any will cause filtration of it’s opposite. 
We can’t solve everything, 
nor everything is a problem.


Explican la consciencia por las contradicciones de la vida material.


Seria una luz si aprendiera a usar bien Ableton.


“La organizaccion del trabajo esta dada por los medios de produccion”.


La raiz de toda idea sin excepcion.


Mercancias. El analisis de la mercancia.


Les llevo un lindo porro.


I too am capable of good thoughts.


You see good more clearly as you see what makes the wrong.
Don’t let the wrong scare you.


There are mythical elements in any event.


The twelve tribes of Moses.


Great wisdom and insight. 


Solomon claimed wisdom. 


Change the course of history. 


I could make a remix album of antichrist superstar. 


The scientific community took some liberties when it comes to what they can/can’t proove.


Nero, archetypical figure of the beast. 


Nothing but mud and blood. 


The glory of God.


If I know, then the Messiah knew me.


There’s mistery revealed to saints. Gentiles are fellow heirs.


It’s only found by those who need it.


Nuances of Hebrew Grammar.


Most can’t tell what the Gospel is.


Gospel kind of worship to the celestial through songs. 


We perpetuate chaos.


We can experience parts of what Jesus did. 
If he was sinless, no one like him.


Jesus the man. 
What episodic memories did he hold that we don’t know? 
Every path has its roots. 
Were did he plant his seeds.


Reason.
descuity. unitified.
anger. gladness
mourning. joy.
anxiety. stillness.
bitterness. forgiveness.
sinfulness. glory.
dead. alive.


Can we be all glory? 


Form worm to angel.


If what I do is writing. 


One over the other have more blessings. 
The other has more afflictions. 
Paths and choices. 


I don’t quote anyone. 
I don’t claim anything.


Manifet blessings. 


La nueva religion es tambien la unica y la mas vieja de todas. 
Cult to individual spirit and nothing else. 
In it you find everything that is outside as well.
 
Theremin and spooky sounds. 
Why not. 


Every page has a cross in it. 


Instalo windows en Linux. 


No matter what I choose, I’ll find blessings and struggles. 


Jesus changed every space he was in.


Materialist society can’t prosper. 


Audacity.


Reconcile with God. 


God the nameless. 
God the emptyness. 
Call it what you want. 


Rest. 


The kingdom.


Body and life. Don’t be anxious. 


Sufficient for the day is its own struggle.


All matters of spirit are done hiding instead of doing it openly. 


What are we afraid of.
What can we be afraid of, except ourselves. 


Everything for the present moment is sufficient. 


“Que le falta a este momento?” 
Eckhart Tolle. 
Me hice esta pregunta mucho tiempo. 
Me traia a la presencia. 


No queria estar presente porque en la ausencia habia algo por resolver. 
La presencia misma lo arreglo, haciendo entender de que es trataba la ausencia. 


Cual es la naturaleza de la ausencia. 


I didn’t find anything lacking in the things as they were right here right now. Everything was in its place. All of the chaos, why did it matter? Why would it be an impediment for me to be complete. 


Completion is in the middle of everything. 


Western esoterism.
Alchemy.


Not being chill could cost me my life.


Certain situations exceed the right choices. 


Siempre algien le encuentra la vuelta mas rapido que vos. 


Any song could be a great song. 


More significant. 


Cosmic king of the universe operates in an through reality. 


In and through reality. 


Core value of the kingdom of God. 


We do whatever feels right.


It is not necessary for me to die. 


We don’t need martyrdom.


God is an artist more than a king.


Is kingdom a power structure? 
Is hierarchy a power a structure?


Hay hojas mal dobladas. 


With me and for me. 


Let yourself be wrong. 


Even onto death you don’t need to fear. 


I get anxious just by writing those lines. Not knowing that this are conversations between me and God, god being the source of all revelation. We have one every time a new thought starts.


Moving away from it by will alone. 


I’m a loner and it costed me community.


No one is alone in the world. 


God and the Devil are represented by the pineal gland. 


Eyeing things. 


God is order, the Devil is chaos. Peace and torment. That’s how you can tell the Devil is inferior and can be avoided with grace. 


Sometimes I forget how to die, but it’s because I don’t give my head a rest. 


Learn to give your head rest. 


Podria invitarlo a mi viejo a pescar, asi viene y aprende aca a relajarse. Paz sintió el otro dia, echado en su silla. 


Te acostumbraste a vivir without giving your head a rest.


I have no enemy. That’s how I just focus on the blog. 


I have no enemies. 


Me amigué con mi guitarra pero no es la unica forma de hacer musica. 


The beast is one who succumbs to all views.


Greaious will. 


My burden is half. 


“The heart of anxiety is pride”. Not good enough.
Jessie
Enough with burdens that make you loose time. 


You die. Dying is good. 


Para lo único que tengo energías es para crear. 


God offers forgiveness.


Peace be with you. Don’t miss this. 


Jesus was the one symbolic man. 


Every step of the way. 


With writing these lines my duty here is done.


Lo que debo reconocerme es que tengo la capacidad y la urgencia por escribir. 


I have no opinion about myself. Better said, it changes all the time. Better said. I don’t think I should think about me that way. 


f I channel myself with God I won’t need to hold myself in the beliefs of others. 


I know I am both. What will I choose to maniest. 


People learn as well an start understanding yourself better. 


Now it’s locked in one position. 


Miss the target.


Beautiful won’t cloud my eyes. 


Be friendly with your body. 


Don’t be a succumber. 


I should sit and think about someone that exists. But miss the target. 


Do the alchemycal transformation. Transmute little by little. 


Fumar no me deja escribir ni concentrarme de la misma manera. Todo el tiempo pensando en darle una pitada. 
Al momento de transcribir esto me doy cuenta de que ya no tengo esa fijacion con el tabaco. deje tiempo despues. 


For a long time, tobacco was a lense. 


Every lense actually narrows your view, unless is the lens of all possibilities. 


Miss the target.


Ecuminical council.


Orange Catholic bible.


Keep those dark stories in the bible. 


Non dual infinite absolute appears as a raging fire. 


Everything and nothing and above all categories. 


The dark parts act as this balance. 


Part of the patern are things that don’t make sense. 


The fringe. The margin (of the pattern).


The periphery.


Ideological possession.


We are in a self destructive mode. 


Germanic chopping heads in the roman Empire, dressed as vikings.


The bible represents the infinite as this kind of raging thing. 


Rage in music. 


No tengo que hacer mas que leer y escribir. Pero no puedo hacer las dos cosas al mismo tiempo. 


La salvacion de las armas. 


God money. 


Predicadores del evangelio que hablan por virtud del espiritu santo.


Incorruptible. La palabra viva y eterna de Dios. 


El verbo es la palabra viva. 


Conocemos la vida a traves de la palabra viva.


Only if done mentally and morally.


I’m already doing the work by writing this down.


You can be multiple people falling over each other, over and over again.


La integridad de un alma dulce y tranquila.


Coherederas de la vida de la gracia.


La mentira is not a staright line. 


Moving away from the worst can move you towards the worst. 


You can only think in language. 


I shouldn’t is I won’t.


I won’t let you have my dreams.


He escribo mucho. Supongo que algo mi letra ha mejorado. 
No se si la veo igual o no.


JBL speaker has something bigger speakers don’t. 
My balls.


Es compulsiva la necesidad que tengo de escribir. 


Si tengo mucho mas que aprender, deberia parar de hablar. 


I have my writings as my defense. I can proove what I say. Just give it the same time that I did. 


All darkness within. Is half. 


Siempre hay cosas para hacer en la compu.


Do not fix your mistakes. One movement with grace. That’s all life is. 


The new bible has no lenguage that’s not universal. 
I play music with pure noise. 


“Vos mismo” esta compuesto de angeles y demonios. 


You can’t do all.


I’ve alligned myself with him.


El sonido tan caracteristico de cuando apagas la grabadora. 


I can work the most efficient without stimuli. 


Alcanzar la excelencia cumpliendo el rol en el cosmos. 


Remora de la esclavitud. 


El control de capital es un acto violento.


Cuidar es maximizar tu beneficio. 


El estado por definicion no funciona. 
La unica constante es la impermanencia. 


La gente se cuida de lo que dicen en la tele.


Voy a armar el libro de pendrive. 


El equilibrio castro-chavista. 


No somos un pais libre.


Recursos finitos, necesidades infinitas. 


Sad sabe volver. 


Cuanto mas impuestos tenes, menos libre sos. 
Los impuestos no solo son economicos. 


Primero, las cosas en orden.


Cuantas dimensiones de una cosa somos capaces de ver. 


Philosophy is the extraction of knowledge just by looking at things. Contemplating. 


Que colores tiene el universo.


Lo plastico hace que no prestemos atencion a lo real. 


Aprender porque hay herramientas que mejor se ajustan a tus necesidades.


The beauty and the beast. 


They were the only ones capable of changing us. 


Contention. Support. 


Si fumo pierdo el tiempo para escribir. 


Enfocate en lo bueno de lo que tiene que pasar y en lo malo de lo que no buscas que pase. 


You can look at two things and see two things. 


El foco puesto en. 
El lente es para hacer foco. 


What does the serpent really mean and why is it achaic?


Dejo algo que deje guita en el medio asi puedo dedicarme a escribir. 


No llego a hacer nada porque elijo invertir mi tiempo escribiendo en ve de haciendo lo que tengo que hacer. Tampoco esta mal, but things have to happen in actuality or not need to happen. 


Only happens what needs to happen.
What involves you not just happens.


Meditate for long periods of time. 


Quieren quitar la masculinidad. 


I can learn about things just by looking at things.


What are the ways our mind can see a thing.
Equals. How many dimensions are there.


Structure of neural connection and their function.


With math you can learn the process of translation at microscopic level.


The days he didn’t come, I missed him.


Is Jesus father as well.


Direction information flow. 


Directed graph.


One way, the other way, or both ways.


Nothing I write I mean but all that I write has implications.


Tres a la seis = tres direcciones en seis lados. 
729 posibles.


That was one way of looking at things.
 
Too much ego, MM. 


The source and the sink.


I know things I haven’t yet thought of. 


Nos licuamos todos con todos.


Source is a center throwing energy in every direction.
Sink is a center swallowing energy in every direction.  


Simplex.


Simplician complexes.


Information flows not vibrating around randomly. 


Graph theory. 


Digitally reconstructed brain.


I don’t want to wait to know what I want to know.
Even less to learn the parts I’m not interested in at the moments. 


I’ve identified with them, my whole life.


De la piel para adentro mando yo.


Some rituals can help you purge.


Simplicies.


From science I can learn words.


Hoity-toity is an old term used to classify someone who’s stuck up and royally full of themselves and their perceived “self importance”, but without any legitimate foundation to support or justify said behavior. Basically, a person who’s deceived into believing they’re above everyone else, but nobody is in agreement or impressed.


Si no hoy cuando? What are you waiting for?


Cuando se trata de trabajo, saben muy bien que decir.


Am I autistic? I’ve been called that and something resonates. Was I once autistic? 


Was I once narcissistic?


The relevance of my writings has nothing to do with me. 


Clear patterns let us think about the things we couldn’t otherwise being able to think and learn.


To learn how something works is to find its metaphysical mechanics.


Los medios de produccion no producen la consciencia. La consciencia es anterior a toda materia.


God thought. 


11 dimensional triangle.


Math and its unreasonable effectiveness in the natural sciences.


Are these all just titles?


Abstract mathematics find its way into our concrete physical world. 


There are 11 dimensions in which you can look at a thing. 


Las virtudes encarnadas en espiritu. Escohotado, Jesus, Socrates. 


Fuck you I know what I mean. 


Nos quisieron enseñar con miedo.


Gravity is caused by a curved space. 
Four dimensional space-time.


General theory of relativity. Mass bends the fabric of space time.


4 space + 1 time.


Electromagnetism.


Any space is curved. 


My thoughts are composed of each of this lines. 


Mirar el espacio, el silencio. 


A la gente le gusta no escucharse. 


Tener mejores pensamientos.


Curved surface.


4x4 matrix.


2 forces of nature.
5 dimensional field.


Unblock your powers. 


Curved spacial dimension existing all around us. Extremely small. 


Golden Toruses. 


Using higher dimensions to unify the forces of nature that occurr in our universe. 


Math says higher dimensions may exist.


Four spacial dimensions:
Flatland.
Hypothetical world.


Hyper spirit. 


4 dimensional creatures would have Godlike powers to us.


Maybe they are scanning the Earth with those lights.


2D can’t see 3D. 
3D can’t see 4D.


4D invert. 


A complete mirrored version of yourself. 


Where we inverted?


We exist only mirroring.


Fundamental forces unified under string theory. 


If particles are vibrating strings the entire universe is a song being played.


Language of God is music, not just word. 


Vocals have strings.


Same strings playying different notes.


Strong nuclear.
Weak nuclear.
Electromagnetism.
Gravity. 


Gravity can’t be described with quantum mechanics.


Things are being pushed towards the center. 


Are black holes sucking.


Graviton. Particle that carries gravitational force.


Espero a que llegue el invierno para que dejen de haber planes. 


A theory of everything. 
Each one has its own.


Higher dimensions are required to exist for string theory to work. 


Ontological mathematics. 


The work of a lifetime. 


I should, for example, back it all up. 


Se nojaba si no la levantaba cuando me despertaba y la dejaba dormir. 
Me condicionaba todo el dia.


Bosonic string theory.
26 dimensions. 


Superstring theory; 10 dimensions. 
M. Theory; 11 dimensions. 


Eleven. 


Pongo seis dobles y la primera es un sello de ex-libris. 


In 11 and 26 the math just works out. 


Habre flasheado cuando lo vi excitarse en la computadora mirando ese video musical.


Relatividad general.
Como funciona el universo? 


Highly intuition. 


Dimensions small and curled up.


Calabi-Yan Space. 
6 dimensional shapes. 


Science is all sampled. 


They don’t prove, they predict. In prediction they prove.


Impetuoso. 
Influjo fornicativo.
Narcisismo. 


Extra curled dimension of time. 


Man’s best friend. 


Fungi made our world. 


Nothing as important as my writings.


Set the step. Follow the steps. 


Don’t believe anything I say. 


Everything in the booklet will be duplicate. 


Not squared.


Nombro el capitulo de acuerdo a los temas que voy rumeando. 


The teacher of all he who shows how to write. Acarya. 


Using PC in silence. 


I have to prove myself against the river. 


Smoother delivery on the process. 


Eckhart continues to evolve.


Smoking is about the less amounts of kisses with the most amount of grace. 


Get the source from actuality. 


The colder the smoke, the better.


Opinion poll government cannot work. 


Who made who. 


Falcon headed figures. Horus.


Archeology is about guessing what’s missing. 


She filtered with her awful brain. 


I couldn’t prove myself to them.


Every specialized career is about guessing what’s not there. Something undiscovered. 


Una entrada de blog por dia. 


Lateral thinking does not follow a logical sequence. 


What does not share the same logic does not belong to the same dimension. 


God speaks to me through plants.


Every logic follows a different pattern. 


Me invento las soluciones. Y si es, es. 


3D follows 3 arched story structures. 
4D follos 4 arched story structures. 




The four elements are the shapes of God.


Christians made fire a different entity? 


Who says that Hell is not water suffocating you. 


Both heaven and hell can be water, earth, fire and air. 


Thunders are glitches. 


When I found oout it had a name, I knew I was one step closer to find out the truth. 


I am willingly trying to guess. 


No matter how hard the truth is. Swallow it. Truth’s don’t belong to the past nor the present.


Sound.


The dimension in which a matter exists is not the same in which other things like time exist. 


Mathematics is looking to discover a big thought that reveals itself to be (more) true (than the one before).


Upset because I can’t show you my worst.


Answer me: then which a thing can exist. 


If a dimension exissts, I can mirror it with my mind.


No control for time. 


2D universe is the paper. Books are 2D. TV. Phone.


What’s written exists but only in 2D.


4th. Time does not exist within. 


Space is a dimension.


Total control over time dimension. 


Take many forms. 


Take the form of the don Juan. 


God is the present moment. The present moment is eternal yet moving. 


Things you are in control of in storytelling (dimensions).


11 dimensions to keep themselves.


Strings vibrate in the 11th dimension. 


Spirit is eternal. 


Cultivate virtue in body. 


Anything that exists you can mirror. 


Display notes then see thought happen. 


I should have walked away. I just wanted to get over with it. 


Frenetic is bad. Take your times. 


He who has better eyes for God can become founder of new religions. 


Le encontre la vuelta para hablar de ideas en cualquier dimension.


Nunca levantes la voz. 


No miro a los ojos siempre porque tengo ojos poderosos.


Everything happens between a Source and a sink.


Everything that I say true about myself, I don’t say it is true just about me.


We are heading towards nothingness like the whole universe. 


Isn’t gravity pulling many things in different dimensions.


Guided, blind, by intuition alone. 


Intuition moves within your body. 
You fish with it, hunt, write. 


Move your intuition to your hands. 


En el aire se agarra la birome mas de cerca a la punta. 


The Universe is the chord formed by the principles of 4 elements. From all, just this four are matter. 


A veces lo escribis solo porque te gusta como suena. 


Access old information to be consciouss. 


El otro hace que me muevan.


Source y sink.


siempre hay alguien tratando de conseguir algo.


Thoughts happen fast.


The excercise of will.


How can you not think about the dreams that you had. 


Sos re inocente aunque te hagas el superado. 


Se trata de escribir al momento de que interrumpis tus pensamientos. 


I can hace a virtuous body. My body my temple. 


Beer is a side hustle. 


When I’m tired, I reduce myself. Mind expands us, body reduces us. 
We can also be smaller than our bodies. 
Whenever we try to shrink.


You can’t be reduced only to your body. 


Mate si,tabaco no. Solo si me ofrecen y cuando me ofrezcan solo sera 1 por ocasion. 


I would but I want. Does that makes sense? 


No place for clarification. 


We wake up finding the horrors of innocence. Everything has a re-evaluation to be done. 


Casi todos los viejos estan en la matrix.


La matrix no es una para todos, y a la vez si. 


La ccreencia le da estructura al pensamiento. 
Una creencia se guarda en la memoria. 


All that is not good, is not good for my self. 


At other time, I wouldn’t have thought about certain things for long periods of time.


Unrewarded genius is almost a proverb. 


A mi me gusta estar con mis amigos y pensar (con ellos) mis cosas. 


This is just for me. Fuck you. 


The most individualistic individual. 


Why would you like to draw attention. “Look at me”, you are screaming louder than what you think. 


Let poetry be, whatever it may be.


Poets just wrote words that sounded beautiful.


Decide before you think. That’s what they make you do as a kid. 


Every thought can be mirrored. 


Deeper into the rabbit hole. 


The only way out is through.


The things I thought wrere not wrong. I could have always killed myself. And still remains true. 


With weed you learn to move through mud. 


Move your thoughts through mud. 


Everyone is crazy; the difference lies in that I can tell you exactly why. 


I thought they’d be pure at heart. 


El principio es el centro. He’ll strive to be king. 


Eran 7 libros. Me dijo 5, despues 6, despues “blanqueo” el septimo. 


Do not chase others. 


You should support brands with their clothes if they are good. 


Cualquiera luchando en el mundo de las ideas merece mi respeto. Todos. 


Resist a tyrannical system without revolution.


The revolution is one of ideas. 


I’m at the early stages of intelectual awakeing. 


Bad drummer until I learnt how to flow.
Bad learner.
Bad reader.
Bad lover.


I was concentrated in the carnal part of it. 


Everything that isn’t for it to be what it is. 


I should prepare to talk. A speech. Let him speechless.


I want to talk more about resistance without revolution.


I couldn’t keep denying things that existed. 


The center is being. 


Dark matter. 


Los parrafos son solo una ayuda. 
Disparadores de discursos. 


I am a reflection of everyone that exists. 


Each idea expands your mind in infinite ways. 
The deeper the truth, the greater the expansion. 


Mashup Johnny wants to fight and Matilda. 


No podes tocar sin escuchar amigo. 


Don’t be afraid if there are things you don’t remember.


Listen to how bad music is played.


People preventing you from thinking. 
Alarmed by your thoughts. 
I find that limiting.
People warning you about reasonable observations. What are they scared of.


I don't like half truths.


Throughout your whole developmental history.


Firm and permanent boundaries with your family system.


She just saw others as conveniences or inconveniences.


Magic can't be true or false.


Everything I say is magical.


What your God knows, you also know.


https://fb.watch/cglKMeR4Db/
Emotions.


I dreamt of CJ. At first it was her mother. I called her by her daughter's name. And she didn't answer me back, though she looked at me and recognised me with a smile. Her daughter appeared out of nowhere as if I knew she was there and acted as a mediator. Maybe translator is better suited.


I ad infinitum.
God is.


Once you know your nature you can move within your head. 


You can produce new outcome that is at the same time new input.
Retroactive.


I've been better with words.


Thoughts are not meant to be true but insightful.


Only useless thought that which is not insightful.


What is God.
Why is it unknowledgeable.


Only the quotes are on black screen. 


Little editing. Mostly black screen. 


Stupidity with arrogance, funny combination.


Humour is about ridiculing things.


Ideas can be ridiculed.


You ridicule their pretension or their ego instead. You can ridicule ideas — ideas don’t have feelings.


My mission is to show myself. Not to teach anyone anything.
Cuando el alumno está preparado, el maestro aparece.


No todo lo que pasa por tu mente vale la pena escribir.


Estando de viaje tenía bocha de tiempo para pensar.


The difference between a thought and an action is a spell.


Cómo perseguir una idea hasta el final?
Ver cuáles valen la pena.


To manifest is to think the right spells.


They don't know the depths of the human spirit.


The sexual union between body and mind happens at some point.


It's a hierarchy of priorities.


Mind over body.


I won't forget how to write. Let go.


Confess only to yourself.


It's not her, but only through her. 


If you overlap all, only need the light in one.


Doubts put you on long trips.


It's an order of priorities.
From low to high.
Look at the heart.
See who wins.


I can go back any time I want.


From the start we start all. 
Be Olympian. 
Go mind.


Fortune favors those who dare.


I just have to put a pause in my writings every now and then. 
Be present.
Every now and then.


Understand heart, not mind.


God is just a new understanding.
I don't need nor I will think about it all the time.
God is at the beginning. 
Going black.


Humanity is scared of color black and it is no skin.


Reconstruct your own story.


I'm healing at a really fast pace.


Healed is our natural state.


Maybe there's a way.


Thought I died last night.
But the morning game.
I say hey. Wait.
Maybe I can change.
Maybe there's a way.


It's called the black book because it's written in the dark.


Remember when you started being scared of the dark.


I used to play with my hands out of the covers when I was little.
I learned about my parents dying.
In a dream.


Why not love cockroaches.


I remember their answers didn't satisfy me. Never.
That's how it is.
Also how it's fine.
You have the last word.


We are the last judge.


It's called the black book because it's written in the dark.
The only that that, ad infinitum will make you remember the true nature of the dark.
Build your black book as a portal that can make you can back.


Contrary as it could intuively be thought, you ground yourself by getting into the darkness of infinite possibilities. More than fixing in your feelings.
Presence is about dying.
Presence is the rebirth after death.


See the youngest through the oldest.


The black book is my life's work
 What else could give me peace of mind.


I wanted more than anything, peace in the world so that I could have peace. Now I know in the world there's only myself.


Thy includes all.


There's a reason why people use certain word. You attach feelings to the songs you listen too. And an association of mind.


The architecture of the spirit is everything you can see.
Everything you can think of.
I see it clearly.
But I need to be alone in the dark.


Alone in the dark is our worst dream but also the best you can aspire to have.
Any new beginning comes from it.


Esa mancha no se quita.


It is a nightmare not being able to think good things.


I still can think about everything, but I do not resent it.


The black book is the work of my life.


The screen makes you loose consciousness of your body.


Sport is what most makes you  conscious of your body.


Like the brightness doesn't let you see other than your phone is you don't lower the brightness. And you can only lower it so much in this phone. I use the app Lower Brightness in 25%. I can barely read.


The scars are a compilation of all.


Yoga are posses to go black.


I suppressed the fire for so long.


I will make my own mimd.


I do not possess this book.
I do posses the files.


Rituals are there for spiritual movement and thought.
Portals. Windows of thought.


Going into total darkness. 
Voluntarily.
It's a heroic act.


There's a use for belief.
But there's little you can know.
So no belief can drive you.


I only know I know nothing. Total darkness.


Only through here means only thinking about her you'll discover some truths.


Mother should be that through which you get to know the divine feminity.
You are your God.
Father the one through which you get to know the divine masculinity.


There's nothing not made by men
 Do truths are gray and played by manual.


In darkness you know you are sober.


Do not pursue the randomness of your mind.


Nightmares crawl up on you.


I think I saw you in sleep.


Me molestan los pensamientos que me fastidian


El fastidio es la peor de las emociones.
It is dry and hot.
Sadness is sweet.
Warm and wet.


Joy comes after death.
There's death in life.


Pondría grabadoras de seguridad por toca mí casa.
Para reescuchar mis conversaciones.


God why have you abandoned me 
Jesus couldn't see past his pain.


Think about the thinkers you like to get become a better thinker.


The roads to hell are plenty.


AJ saw what he saw in the abandonment that he slept.


Me gusta pensar en todas sus formas.


Nothing means for me.


What you think now about the post is on the past.


Monsters are also born somewhere.


Manipulative means that no, you wouldn't have noticed. 


Deliver with grace. Deliver once.


I can think of it all with no hate in my heart.


You can talk about something without specifically talking about it.


La batalla es luz contra oscuridad. 
Justamente porque la luz alumbra oscuridad y ocupa su espacio.


Un pensamiento solo tiene la responsabilidad de ser insightful.


Desire just enough.
Exactly what you have.


Superar la crisis de la muerte.


I just have to live and register.


Reading is the act of seeing the world through another person's eyes.


Para la mente solo existe aceptación (creencia) y negación (misterio).


Convertirse en fuerza individuante.


Doble o demonio.


Provocar la crisis y superarla positivamente.


Muerte mística o noche oscura del alma.


I'm a loner but I do like people.


There is no escape from your own judgement.


My own voice.
I'm forging it.


The wise find the simple in the complex.


Presence all. No level of priority. 
Con que intensidad percibo el calor en las piernas?


There's what it is. And it's what it's supposed to be.


I was good at it until I was appreciated and told.
I was named. 
The one with who's success.


I have to name it. 
To give it back from the unconscious.
Bring it up into consciousness.
Give birth.


I don't hold on to my beliefs.


God is replaced by the truth.
The one truth.


A negative can also be true.
We don't know who we are.


Solamente aprendes de vos mismo.


La decadencia humana es el odio a aprender.


La tragedia y la comedia. Las dos caras de la vida.


First, why would I think that?
And then you think that.
So then again.
Tragedy or comedy.
Nothing else.


Como lo cuenta la imaginación de un escritor es más real que como.
The reality of us.


The demons are very subtle.


The differences are very subtle. About what thought came to mind and the home.


There's doing and there's contemplating.


Leaving the world of men is arrogant.
The idea is to prove that you can leave and leave the rest on their own?


Asistencialism Is dead. Or do I've been told.


You unlock subtler emotions.


You write in your subtler levels.


The black book because it goes deeper.


Thinking about what wrongs would be worth knowing in other for us to learn goodness. 
The idea is how do you deal with it.


The is just the start.
Imagine how much years of writing do to a person.


She notices fakeness in others and don't like it.
At the same time 


You always see the deepest. You are just not paying attention.


The black book to wake up individuals. 
What resonates, think about.


I lost trust in their words at a young age. 


When you are little, what you learn as a particular becomes anchored to a general understanding of it.


Las historias con otras personas son individuales.


Ella creía que la realidad era el amor y que en lo falso había lo contrario al amor. Y entonces el amor creció en ella.


El peso del mundo, es tu responsabilidad.
Pero no significa esto lo particular que esto significa. 
Las infinitas posibilidades compuestas por infinitas posibilidades.
La verdad de las infinitas posibilidades.
Y que la única posibilidad que es verdad es la que lo único sabemos la realidad es que .


La verdad última es llamar a abrir los ojos.


What do you think of the world and what place do you think you occupy in it.


Showing our inner daemons. That's what he was doing.


Understanding others I understand myself.


You contrast it with the one thing they don't know.


You were useless. 
She didn't need you.


We can be edgy.


Find your expression for the good.


Remember. 
It's just an old dream.


I know how to do it because I've done it.


They get consumed by love.


You don't know how to perceive unity.


I believe that I am.


You have to deal with the horrors in the healthiest manner possible.


Dirigir sin realismo.


Escribir sin realismo.


She took no responsibility.
Not to this day.


Las películas reducen los espacios. En una cuadra está toda Italia.


Enseguida me di cuenta de la decepción de soñar con algo y levantarte y no tenerlo.


Los videojuegos son una experiencia auditiva.


La experiencia es todo. Don't try to reduce it.


Las partidas viejas son para boludear.


Whats up with the autocorrect.


To be fire.
To shine light and clarity.


Games are there to break them.


You complete the story in different ways. 
Meaning you learn more from the world after even completing the game.


The importance of games is doing.


Make gameplay and accelerate the slow motion to see how the move would have been in real time.


Many things that I've written but never done it.


Your Olympian or Titanic in your intentions.


What a virtuous job, carrying messages.


They can only scare us so much.


Our characters move through emotional states.


El eterno retorno Is to ourselves.


He's the enabler of the narcissist.


She puts you on trips with her. 
Disengage.


Authoritarian regimes get you into deep realisations of things that aren't true.


There's a time and a place for your spirit to leave the body.


A free guide to spiritual awakening.


You move your spirit. 
Send blessings and cursings.


Como es vivir en estado de shock.


I communicate with my cat with our breathes. 


I dreamt about the spinning trumps because of the fans in our ceilings.
The fan was my comfort, and didn't have that anymore. Now the roof was too close. And what came from outside it did through that small window, from which smoke got out and cold got in.


I'm incredibly good with words only when I smoke weed.
I believe it now, just when I don't smoke I don't.
Things that I have believed while high or drunk.
My highs are filled with good dreams. 


In that Scotland tower I had a regression. I was in the room. The lean wall suppressing me. Deep meditations by the window.
That window saved my psyche.
The tower was the other tower.


Prophets, what they did was find poetical significance to their own stories. Adding the myth to every significant comparison they made.


We aim to the heavens but looking at the steps.


Every tower I've ever been.
In despair. 
Waiting for someone to come rescue you.
And then here you came, yourself.


I'll interchange personal pronouns.
Just because.


Everything you do, do it just because.
Everything you don't do is as well an act of doing.


Retiro voluntario de las redes sociales.
Se abusaron tanto de las distracciones que no podemos más que concentrarnos.


Dejemos de echarle leña al fuego.
Cada uno refleja luz donde más quiere.
Podes reflejarla dónde más duele.
Podes reflejarla dónde más inspira. La oscuridad.


Only in the dark you can come up with something.


It's a leap of faith.


I have a thought over everything. 
That's what makes myself me.


Everyone thinks everything.
Disengage.


They oppose us. 
They are in the middle.
They shine like truths.
But are all out.
The middle is on the top of the triangle, and in the middle of the base as well.


Think thoughts better.


JBP an Olympian.


Los juegos Olímpicos. 
Sus vencedores tienen un lugar en el Olimpo.


Using your mind less will make you more stupid.


Jugar cada punto al 100%.


Alchemy. What you do with what you have.
Make charcoal become gold.


La tabla es salir a desconectar.


Twelve Olympian gods. 
You are the 13th. 
The ones that unite them all.


Only the skinny.


Adamas.


Just make simple the complex.
What you want to say. Make it simpler.
Until you die.


Alcohol is better done during the day.


Words don't make you sick.


The depth of my understanding.


The time you repeat yourself. 
You can be wrong.


How far do you want to go into this trip.


You learn what composes a cycle.


Take your hunt.


Being a sessionist drummer.


Something very similar to vertigo.


I'm lifting and it's no god. 
Inspiration pulls you upwards.
Saints where just great creative minds.


If we don't see life it is as if it didn't happen.


No estaba haciendo nada raro. Estaba pensando.


I only remember living now.


They only want to remember.


Add some weight.


You add some weight adding some conscious to it.


You try to shift your consciousness.


For me to make a judgement, I'd have to think about it.


Shake it out.


If you sell yourself you'll be overrated or underrated.


I'm going to wake up others exactly like in the movies.
The movies know more of ourselves than our selves.
They describe subtler moments.


To write you have to dare.


The mediator.


For some reasons I can give my explanations.


I don't know everything but I know what everything is all about.


Everything is gold inside you.


Learn to trance while doing other things.


I wouldn't mind sitting here on this edge of the streets.


What ideas would be most valuable than yours.


You can't guess the pride in one's words.


Son dos los padres.


One person is enough to prove you wrong.


Tiran hasta que haya resistencia.


El momento del alma.


Decidieron construir al hombre.


La de la suerte es la de la formación.


El cambio es si lo que creemos es buena suerte o mala suerte.


Pressure in the back of my head gives me pressure in the front.
Mirrored sensation. 
What behind, forward.
What forward, behind.
Correspondence.


Capitán fantástico.
Manages the magic of a small army.


Los fascistas son dictadores de un partido único.


La lucha feminista es mujeres contra mujeres.


There's also competence to which one wakes up the most people.


Comunistas y fascistas están de acuerdo en que el mundo moderno es una mierda.


Capitán fantástico es progresismo feminista comunista.


El poder para la gente.
Enfrentarte a la autoridad.


Communists just steal supermarkets.


Lo amas y lo odias al mismo tiempo.


Nuestros hijos van a ser reyes de la filosofía.


The dead is for the living.


Insane is pushing false beliefs too far.


Hay un instinto de libertad.


Gentil.
Aventurado.
Atrevido.
Respeto.
Dignidad.


Ver si el movimiento necesario es micro o macro.


I guess what I'm writing is nothing but my own philosophy.


Every piece of mind is eternal.


Ser anti todo te hace ser vos.


Si estás contra todos no sos contra nadie.


Odia quererte y también que no la quieras.


What an ability, reading regret.


The worst hide themselves.
Masters of disguise.
Hiding in plain sight.


Yo no sabía nada.
Ahora ya se.


Purposelessly ignore every thing that is not you.
Get alone.
Go dark.


When you are young, you believe being of a certain manner means that you should dress in a certain way, act in a certain way. But fashion dictates that. And you'll be targeted. 


Experience adds up.


Home is where you are you just to yourself.


Chiquilin abombado.


What do we think of ourselves.


This is the closest we are to be wise as s collective. The unconscious conscious.


Respect pace. Respect transition.


They put in agenda today what was once the beginning stages of s spiritual process.
They put too much emphasis on what we want to move away from.
They made us this way.


I now see her as a monster, as it's supposed to be.
But now monsters do not scare me.
I've learnt to live with monsters.


Your feminine divine energy is through is.
Through any other, you won't understand.


They know nothing of you. 
As you know nothing about yourself.


They don't know how the world works.
They don't know they already knew anything.


How do they prove anything.


You realise things were indeed separated.


Climb over the shoulders of giants.


No cocina pero te llama a comer.


God is me.
From me, all.


Vos le vas a explicar que es lo que hace que te molesta y lo va a negar todas las veces. Punto por punto te lo va a negar todas las veces. Y por elegir creerle le vas a dar toda la razón.


On weed presence different.
Mind isn't.
You recognize yourself there.


I'm an artist's because art affected me and my development.
Art fucked up my life and then saved it.


You don't respect god's creation (reality) in art.
You create your own.


Every time you smoke weed think about weed.


Solo en el presente digo a todo nunca más.


Siempre digo a todo nunca más.
El futuro es incierto. 
Siempre estuve muerto.
Hoy vengo a resucitar.


Todo monstruo vive en una terrible pesadilla.


Escribo esto tocando música con amigos.


Solo es desatento el que quiere hacer muchas cosas a la vez.


The left believes to have the last words.


I was always in the right moment.


Talk to their children.


They believe people need constant education.


Constant distraction. 
That's how we like to be. 
Always in the present. 
Well you can't be. 
You sometimes have to be in the absence.


I was always present to their requirements.


Me daba vergüenza que me dijeran lo que tenía que hacer. Te daba inseguridad.
Por eso la educación es en el ausente.
La psyche. De todos desconocida.


Talk to their reason. Be clear.


Act always in the middle aiming to an edge.


We are all gentiles.
I speak with gentiles.
The doctrinated doctrinated you in the moment of doubt.


Doubt is not a condition necessary.


Be authentic.
Take your time.


9D would be 3x3D since they share three. With the last.
3D each, mirrored. 
Cancel each other.


Let me speak some truth.


Until action and will become one. Virtue.
You have to think until the thinking and the doing become one.


To mature in a healthy environment.
That's knowledge. 


Every one who spoke god said "only through me".
We are all equals.


Next order is of highest order than the last.


Me gusta más escuchar mis tapones.
Silencio. No tanto. Filtro. La percepción. En vivo.
Con marihuana me doy tiempo de ser productivo con lo que disfruto.


I have to understand each line I say, the least.


What did I mean? I ask myself a lot.


Plato thinked a lot about Socrates.
I don't know what Aristotle's did.


All hail the void. Enabler.


I don't believe in the conspiracy. People are too unpredictable. 
Systems fall for their own weight.


This is whatever the fuck came into my mind, made a book.
Whoever wants to read it can read it.
Leave only the last edition of each center, ideally.
Beliefs are doubtable but ideas are valuable.


Puñaladas de la nada. En primer plano a la cara. Mientras deja libre el cuello.
El vampiro da a la vez sensualidad.


All fantasies made movies.


Artists show you reality.


Whatever he wants to share with me, I'm willing to share back.


I'm not claiming that I am anything.


I write this books until the end of time.


You may believe that I am, but I'm not claiming it.


You can choose who you share with without meeting them in person.


There are always some natural regulators.


La sociología cae en descrédito.


Nos muestran que la taza de suicidio ha incrementado para que queramos ser cada vez más brutos.


Sex is nothing new for humanity.


Moral es el sistema de saber morirse. El sistema referido a la muerte.


Los sociólogos nos están traumando a todos.


Be yourself, through all times.
But what if my self is…?
And the answer is blank.
And it would be always true.


I saw people shutting off too many times.


The hold on to theories as beliefs.


Yo se que hay veces que se que saben y se hacen los pelotudos.


Sándalo.


Be autistic with your writing.
As much as possible.


Maderas.


For the sake of truth and justice.


You don't do it for no one but your own.


Cosmic energy pulls from our center.


Wine makes food taste better.


They didn't protect me from the horrors of life.


This is a book dedicated to horror.


The moment you realise you have become the one thing you hated.


What's equal is coefficient.


Get your best while doing the worst things. The things you dislike, that you have to do.


We know, not what we do.


Women can't follow Jesus.


Agregar a la propaganda la letra chica. 
Ponerle letra chica al account.
Tengo la letra chica.


Deliver in the most effective way.


They hit our downsides and mindgames.


I'm easy explaining chaos go ordered people and explaining order to chaotic people.


La diferencia era que si quiero te cuento y si quiero no te cuento.


A los amigos no se los juzga.


The one that think myself as an Olympian is my grandmother.


They want to feel that we need them. 
That they are productive for us.
I need no help because I'm not being difficult, is just don't care.


It was waking up to having to have a discussion. I won't have it because I just won't have it.


Microsoft the greatest company. Hidden in plain sight.


I wish I could tell you what I'm writing about.


I sometimes just am too high.


Un día nuevo. Ideas frescas.


They want to own the room but they are too little.


Everything means exactly what it is.


She's obsessed with order at the subtlest level.


I never needed them that's what desperated her.


Why it is important to know certain things.


If you don't want to shame others on the wrong they did, don't address it with others.


There are things I never understood.


We are all unique to ourselves.


Just adding a couple of lines, my work here is done.


Let it be the straightest path to truth.
This book.
The black book.
Talk about truth itself. 
What true is.


They even called it space, truth.


The truth is in its spaces.


I know when things mean, even when I don't know what it means.


I only talk with what I've been talking about.


She liked that I chose to show her that part of me.


She made it weird. 
It wasn't weird.


You remember all the times that you were messed up.


Don't tell me what she is or is not.


You'll resent all the ones that fucked you up.


I'll try and be present. 
Just talk to me.


La sobremesa es larga.


Totalmente viciada con la pc.


Se trata de tener los mejores vicios.


I tell myself secrets, only the ones I want to.


Get healthy obsessions.


To all the loners out there.


All gods are terrified.


Major Parkinson knows that what matters is posterity. No matter how many recognize them now.
I've never seen so much talent.


MP owns every room.
I'm a fan listener.


I am fan of all talents.


Aim at the talents, the divine inspiration.


You can have talent within the the limits of the vessel.


I look at the talents. I search for them.


We go through the pin of a needle.


I do not own my words. 
Keep them.


Si no hablás con liviandad. Cómo vas a hablar.


I'm not saying I am. I'm just following the rules I once knew nothing about.


Jesus's knowledge developed over time. He had an intelligence of his own.


I just have to believe something to make it true. Flip and switch.


Flick and switch.
Flickr and fitch.
Flicker unsweetened.


I want to see how far I can go.


This lines are for people to help me remember why my new beliefs aren't true.


What happens if I'm the most autistic?


Que alfajor el águila blanco.


I fed on alfajores and junk.


Sin is doing wrong, meaning it.


Con justa razón que me bajen del pony.
Soy igual a todos. Superior a nadie.


No one will tell me how to speak.


Phrases are meant through other phrases.


Maestro religioso el que te enseña como religarte.


Estás líneas son un montón de párrafos.
Este montón de párrafos son el libro negro.


Become who you are.


Colorful character.


She sent to you so hard that once, you saw it.


You can see the broken child in her.
Flies around.


No one with that level of connection.


I was mirroring other kids. 
I didn't understand death.
She made it all up.
I barely knew the man.


Poetry is for you to figure out.


Injured but to what extent.


You either wake up or you go down.


La realidad está compuesta de lo que sé y lo que no sé.


Write as fast as you can until they get you.


Tenés mayor incidencia en tu experiencia. Eso es lo que no te enseñan. Actúan como condenados y son libres.


When you skip steps, whatever you do you can't understand them.


They way I asked my questions made me s philosopher and not a idolator fanatic.


We never fit in. Not really. Not even if you're twins.


I have to study myself the same way I'd study others. I am, to myself, and other.
There is an other in me.


Ella hace la suya y no se da cuenta de lo demás.
Tampoco lee una habitación.
She is the best version of Her.


Her, parent.


Quiere hacerte flashear.
Meterte en sus viajes.
También es un imán que quiere tirarte hacía su centro gravitacional.


She owns the room caughting the attention. Permanent attention. She is on you. She makes noises.
She chatters.
She can't tell that she's doing it.


How do you solve the things that bother you about others? Realising you are not very different. That which bothers you is yourself.


Irritating it's what it is.


I am very much in reality.


La Reina y el mayordomo.


Flies disguise themselves as bees.


The princess to be rescued.
Who's entitled and who isn't?


Tan fácilmente manipulables. No porque quisieras, si no porque daba igual lo que les dijeras. Podía ser A, B o Z.


La llegada del hijo problemático.
El problema es también la solución.
El mayor problema es la más grande solucion.


Be comfortable with your skin.


Ø
Nothing is meant to happen, and everything is meant to happen, at the same time.
A paradox is not exactly unreal. In psyche there are no distinctions.


Ø
That's the symbol. 
A zero, crossed.


Antes le tomaban romper las bolas como una gracia.


If I had to search, I'd look in all the wrong places.


There are two paths of to knowledge. The path of total darkness and the path of total light.
We are in between both.


La onda es hacer flashear a la gente para siempre.


Transformation.
Es flashear para siempre.


What you should do is what it means.


Knowing that I'm dying makes me dead, then eternal.


What I am, is.


Repetis la propaganda que te suena más razonable.


Sabes que podes hacer cosas de las que no sos consciente.


Canada.
Sucre a la crème au sirop d'erable.


El sol siempre ha estado ahí.
En todos mis días.


No real monsters.


Distortion.
That which you so much love and got to fear.


Distortion is a distortion.


Distortion is a decrement or increment in some frequencies of the signals.


This is a fictional documentary.


Time that stops is psychic time. 


It's always psychic, time.


I just have to imagine the first step.


I have to bare this knowledge.


I'm writing with a price. Sacrifice.


Philosophy of the one. The simplest yet unknowledgeable.


One should go calmer as growing up.


I just feel safe.


Safety of self is prior to liberty.
Life.


I could assign sounds to colours.


I already have that portal, I don't need it anymore.


Los cambios se hacen desde la base.


Los señores sombra.


The black sheep.


Le regalé el kazoo el mismo día en que vimos el recital de Major Parkinson.


If I want to call them, I name them.


I write all in posteriorli.


I could have made my own patterns with double kick.


Angels are dark figures. 
Ashamed and disgusted for its humanity.
Like Constantine.


The black book. Want to hear about it?


Jesus was always on the edge, like everyone else.


Whether you realise it or not, you always live on edge. On the verge, between living and dying.


Attach sounds to colors.
Low bass are deep blue.


Estoy escuchando porque están en mí radio de percepción. Estoy viendo porque están al alcance de mi vista.


Always black sheep make it the top. They make themselves noticed because they attract also negative attention.


Laying low is not something we do for you. We do it for ourselves.


You behave in the world as of all the others were your parents.


They kept me from the real world. I blame them for that.


Antes siempre pensaba antes de hablar. Y así pensé mucho tiempo, con la voz de mí mente. Antes de cada respuesta.


I'm a morally grey man.


Always to the middle.


There's only riddles, in your mind.


I'm responsible for all my grammar mistakes.


You change in how it gives you the inspiration.


Grow your child up. 
This is what reparenting is.
You need to do it.


Challenge all of their beliefs. I don't stand by them, I stand by my ground.
I reclaim the right to stand by my ground.


They feed you narratives to buy.


"Let's talk to the covid survivors".


Come le donne.


Este es mi lugar y no lo comparto ni con mi hermana.
Cada uno tiene su lugar, dónde habita en soledad.
Tu cuerpo.


A film where our character is always distracted.
Short attention span.


El fue perdiendo autoridad sobre ella y ella fue ganando autoridad sobre el.


"Te crees que soy tu mucama yo?".


I liked women whose energy I liked.


That's a grey area.


Bukowski but less self destructive.


A crook must have brains.


Don't assign a brain higher than ourselves.


Brains. Plural.
Words give you clues.
The brains are the complex made simple.


I've seen examples of myself deteriorated. From the future.


Communism is common respect.
But capitalism is respectful if you are.


Cuando el maestro está separado, el alumno aparece.


Manson knew myths move faster.


I need to be in a still position for thoughts to come. At least in a comfortable position to write. The phone makes the difference.


I move in the extremes but in total control.


Don't explode through a needle. Come with all the weight of your force.
There are two kinds of forces. Two kinds of strengths. 


Order is about compartments.


The sun is not going to kill you.


God is the actual of the infinite.


Are we all striving for excellence?


I'd make it to the most beautiful sentence. Give me time.


I couldn't have done it with what I've heard here and there.


Leí por ahí.
Escuché por ahí.


They didn't trust me. No one (but my friends). Him. Him. Her. Even her. All the ones telling me what was the right thing I'm doing wrong.
Because never anyone tells you this to your face. They always hiding things from me.


My darkness is romantic.


Black tainted as much as I like.


There's darkness I like and darkness l don't like.


The work of my life is the work itself. I'm the free raw material and I make myself. 
Jesus is a reincarnation.


They trapp him with some questions. Medusa and her snakes of a head.


Occidental don't like Oriental.
Oriental don't like Occidental.
Different philosophies.


I don't see myself doing things.


Just a boy fighting with his mother.


Luchando para que otros estimulos no se roben el protagonismo. 


Esas atento a lo que tragas. 
Escribir es mas dificil. Aunque tambien puedo hacerlo. Es que cada vez me concenro mas en cada cosa que hago. En cada clic. eso es llo que hah que ver. Eso es lo que te hace el hongo. Te conecta con el verdadero tipo de especie que somos. Como deberias encarnar tu propio cuerpo. Cuales son las caracteristicas que deberias representar. 


Yo se muy bien que hay cosas que escribo mal aun sobrio. 
IGual no se va a entender bien peor va e star dicho. 


Si el flash se pone muy mental esta bueno no interrumpir la vista. Por eso que tengas la capcaidad de escribir mientras el viaje pasa ses espectacular. 


El libro negro. 
El libro que absorbe toda la luz. 
HAsta el infinito. 


Deep there to find the scary on purpose. 
For all of us. For the ones that dont want to go. But still want to know. 
Like all.
No one ones to go but all want to know. 


Surrender to your misperceptions so youu can see thewhole thing. 
Crows looking at me. 


The coold thing is the amount of insights you can have.


The floor moves. But meaningfully. It’s mosaic. Just like a dream. Everything could move out of place.
 
Also de soudns of your mind. 


Im advanced in te aniybt if jbiwkedge /u gikd, ]


El tabaco es comunión.


Se exactamente dónde pongo los dedos estando drogado.


Las tribus se hacen alrededor de un fuego. Sanando, alrededor del fuego.


Every kingdom starts with a fire healing.
This is unstoppable because it's spiritual.


She's a queen on her own.


Los hermanos se miden las espaldas. 
Espaldas con espaldas.


Mí hermana es mí reflejo que mira hacía afuera. Espalda con espalda. No frente a frente.


Todo es frente a frente y espalda con espalda.


Kingdoms come.


Es muy fladhero 


Se me mezclan las 


Ni ella va a sacarme de mí espacio. 


Mí derecho a piso.


Contemplating is doing.


Of my sister I remember she bothering me while I was doing my business.


Un intento de otros por ser sensuales.
Sensuales como gatos siameses.


Me como todos los malos flashed con gusto.
Flashes.


Veo cosas en el reflejo. 


Ella es mí espejo al mundo. 


La idea tendrá el alcance que tenga.


Yo tengo el libro negro.


Integrar mí lado femenino. 


Jesús era un hombre con alto porcentaje de divinidad femenina.
Cómo xerxes.
Gatos siameses.


Vivir sus propios flashes.


La quiero de espaldas, no de frente. Confianza. Ni yo la miro a ella ni ella a mí. Nos tenemos las espaldas. 


Vos pones los espejos del orden.


Yo tengo el libro negro.


The greatest magic trick ever. I'm going to make reality disappear for a little.


Mirroring is of the wise. No other way of learning.


Soy un buen escritor solo porque soy consciente de que lo que es Dios.


He was a loner. The king of the world.
His name was Jonah.


All my relationships are dirt.


Made by earth.


My sister is to fight back to back. 
She sees what I can't not. 
She prepares me and I prepare her.


Priests need no doctrine.


Milei se identifica con la figura del león. Strength. Tarot.


In judgement I raise all insights from the dead.


The fool trusts fortune.


Sword is feeling.
Water is thought.
Earth is body and the material.
Wind is imagination.


All bodies move through tarot cards.


Many leeches want to suck you in.


Everyone has a black book. With all the things they bury.


Empatía recorta posibilidades.
Hay que pensar en todas las posibilidades.


No todo lo que quiere asustarte es miedo.


You shine light on the black.


In the movies it's expressed who they are and the things they think about.


Manson showed me what a nightmare was.


Let the tension escalate. Don't force it.


Remember the moments you had fun with them.


RDR2 shows you the coming of civilization to the northern America.


I can barely write no more.


Sos multiplicidad y sos unidad.


When I had no ears I thought I had no body to come back to.
Your body is the one you perceive. Your experience.


I was highly conscious of my body.


The fun part is the variation of the same.


I didn't have enough with anything but enough with the particulars.


This book is mine and for myself only.


Just realise your creative power.


You should be thinking about whatever you want to create.


Psychology is seeing patterns in behaviour.


Bukowski wrote about people he met.


She was so dull and superficial with her jokes because of her education.


Todo es una copia de la mente.


I learned to act with the movies.
The left hand.


The depth of language.
The size of our heads.


No formalities in speech. Pure truths.


After all I am a seed of the antichrist.


I'm my judgement.


Varios sueños en uno.


That does not mean.


Who went that far into the rabbit hole.


i see my phone's aura and I had a lucid dream.


The system works by my own laws.


I adjust my own laws to good and evil.


Purposely bringing out the worst in people is kind of demented.


My references seem quite shallow.


To shake things up is a good thing.


Tuve ya un viaje astral.
Sueño lúcido.


Psychodelic is a moving paint.


Between you and your space there's your own ability.


Dreams are multidimensional.


Infinite dimensions.


All spheres.


They arouse from bringing the worst out of you.


Who am I talking to? 
If I have to talk to you.
If there's nothing but negative emotions and right reasons.
How should I picture you? That will give me enough peace of mind to treat you with respect and good will.


Every posture of your body corresponds to an early mark, but that also makes you.


You can't tell the truth unless you make it a fiction.


Una histeria colectiva.


A fool.
Like a donkey.


Grandson of the hermit.
Student of the antichrist.


The mirror is filled with smoke.


Don't resist your talent to be a writer.
To all I say.


The redhead is princess number 3.


The mirror is full of smoke.


When I'm with people I try to forget I'm the one to write all these things.


The black book is just me and my thoughts.


Deeper comprehensive reality.


Seekers of psychoactive gnosis.


The dark can't be outside by principle alone.


Escribir es pensar como vos quieras.


Philosophy is the study of knowledge.
How do you get to to it. What is it.


Children can't handle parent's irrationality.


I'm on my own path. My own writings. My own thoughts. What matters is that I am honest with myself.


Every thing is the way it is because of things being the way they were.


Nunca voy a priorizar algo a un pensamiento.


Se mete en tu cabeza diciéndote cosas como "pensá".


The fear of getting new patterns.


Attractiveness of truth.


It wouldn't be me if it wasn't for others.


Keep people in your heart and your mind clear.


A no saber nada, yo, como todos, lo descubrí.


You are the spirit moving. And you are the soul. Don't they caught up in your dreams.


I will never know if I'm sane or if I'm crazy.


I'll be scared but not by myself.
I'll be disgusted but not by myself.


Dejar estar los sueños nuevos porque van a evolucionar en el transcurso de tu vida.


Todas las veces que interpretemos los sueños van a ser distintas.


I manifest my own ideal world.


The black book.
This is a book made by you.


With the black book I let out all responsibility.
Descentralize the leadership.
Recycle all you.


The black book does not belong to me.


The entire cosmic trip.


Mask everyone as the hero.
The black spiderman.


All of my writings were thinking about something else.


Don't do the separation between you and someone else.


Leave a legacy.


There's no pattern.
Speak the truth.


Delay gives the vocals rhythm.


Life will always be different.


If you know it's the right thing why won't you do it.
Because I never know if it's the right thing.


Whatever comes out is as funny as it's supposed to be.


The internet is a big pool of art.


I understood the logic before I went in.


I copy every piece of text I have doubts of having it written in the scroll.


The black scroll.


The black book and the black scroll.


I keep writing this book in every situation.


It's a scroll and the chapters are the books.


The scroll is the source materialize. You can never have access to the source.


Dark fantasy.
Major Parkinson.
True artists.
Black river.


I define myself.
I am an artist.


Sacred humour is the one that was here even if I didn't noticed it.


Spread the word.


I'm going in the uncertainty.


Type every thing you've written into any amount of txt. 
Back up your things.
The black book is a book you write, and you'll never know what you'll find.


In the black book you don't know who you are or what you are looking for.


I think hard to keep myself on the ground.


The black book is the one book you'll ever write.


Can you say it's immoral to go and think?


Who the fuck is me, but I?


My head explodes with new ideas.


La castidad es para experimentar mejor el fluir en tu cuerpo.


There's one flie around.


I paint life. It goes dark or its filled with colours.


I can't escape everything.


With the black book you'll always know what you thought about a subject. There are words you've used and want to know what they mean.


I saw the pattern beforehand.
There's no sequence in the mind.


One God for each of us.
The mind of God is in you.


Knowing deeper aspects of reality won't break your mind.


Hemos destruido la cuna de la civilización universal.


This is supposed to be not ordinated.
Non ordered.


Some things want to be created through you.


Trip colectivo.


What I’ve written is not what I believe. 


Me encarnaba en Facu para gustarle a mi viejo. Intentando averiguar que le gusta en realidad. A mi me gustaba Facu. Queria ser como el. El me introdujo a la musica. 


I have a clear vision of my future and every step goes towards it. Yet I could die any instant. 


The difference lies in being able to say “I could die at any instant”, believing in it but not panicking. 


I see myself in the future. 


I’m not in the future now but I se the future as If I was there, now.


The secret is reality. Many know this.


Many lines not written. 


La imaginacion y la lectura van por separado. 
Pueso pintar las palbras como yo mas quiera. Por eso esta bueno leer los libros dos veces (me andan mal las biromes).


You cannot meet everyone. You better mix.


They bore me with their words because they speak so much trash on TV.


Yo pense que en casa eramos inteligentes.


Sutraigo el lenguaje. 


I was always trying to look in (the one truth). 
So much we can know about the one truth. 


One can avoid thinking what it would mean for the self, that they knew all that. 


Play is never random. It has structure. Structures are dynamic. Meaning they change but they keep saying the same things. 


A change in dynamics is a change of the relation of the forces. It’s mechanism respond to dynamics that as such are always variable, mantaining the constants, that are the elements.


La de humo de John Wick.


Vender los NFT justo antes de morir.


Goals and rules change.


I expected the worst from something I had never interacted with. 


I was expecting the worst. 


For the worst to come, you have to expect it. 


I found out what the worse was. But cheerfuly, it wasn’t happening. It was that dream. Intense fear. It gets that complex. Reject old images. 


Dopamine detox means stop everything. 
Every stimuli. 


You can continue holding the belief or risking it in pursue of trth. Keep proving your beliefs.
Keep putting them at proof.


Beliefs under probation.


A good dopamine detox. As all, needs trial and error.


No tengo que saber pronunciar las palabras en mi cabeza cuando leo. Solo miro las palabras, veo que formas se forman. 


Waking better. 


Acting parts from revelation. Create mental images. 


Es muy faciles creer imagenes nuevas. 


Teach them their nature. 


El Zorro. 


El picaro. 


Cuesta discernir que es mitologia personal de experiencia universal. 


Rates of stress related mental disorder?


We are not supposed to remember. We can’t hold time. 


Estrategias para volver al cero.


There where it finally can rest.


Estaba cansado todas las mananas. No descansaba bien. Tenia miedo. Mi viejo dejaba la tele prendida. 
Pretendia no juzgar.


Un dia tenes miedo, otro no. Asi es.


Nos quieren hacer perder el control.


Si no era por mi viejo no me enteraba que era timido. 


Correlation does not prove causation.


“Y por que no?” fue mi pregunta favorita.


Construct the story. 


Buy biggest companies. With high leverage to recover some money.


Save the father.


I do not remember the things that I wrote. 


El mundo modedrno es occidental.


Nos han hecho creer que las enfermedades son para siempre.


El espiritu ha inspirado toda civilizacion que conocemos. 


Espiritus no satisfechos con la negacion moderna.


Who am I now? 


Una nueva contribucion al desequilibrio general.


What is important in a text is up to me.


Past lives.


Exponernos a no ser enteramente comprendido por todos.


El espiritu tradicional, no importa como se revista, es el mismo en el fondo.


El conocimiento de los principios (metafisico) es universal como los principios mismos.


Izquierda: combinacion diplomaticaa.
Derecha: verdadero entendimiento. 


Center is truth.


Dependencia jerarquica. 


Elite intelectual. Distinciones sociales no importantes. 


Reforma del occidente.


Germenes del mundo futuro.


Doble actividad de un mismo ser; contemplacion/accion.


El oriente en socorro del occidente. 


Toda manifestacion requiere un principio y una razon suficiente (accion no tiene).


No cultiva su vida interior.


Accion: modificacion transitoria y momentanea del ser (accion no tiene).


Todo conocimiento verdadero es identificacion con su objeto 


Animals contemplate with no thoughts.


Inmutable conocimiento principal o metafisico. 


Enjoy chaos but not too much.


From/with play, chaos becomes order.


Necesidad de agitacion incesante, de cambio continuo, de velocidad continuamente creciente. 


Modernidad. 
Dispersion en la multiplicidad; analisis llevado al extremo, la division indefinida. 


Inaptitud para la sintesis surge la imposibilidad de concentracion.


Nos han instaurado creencias comunes.


“Let’s not talk about God”. Name show.


La materia es multiplicidad y division.


Todo lo que te sucede puede sucederte voluntariamente. 


Mas nos elevamos hacia la espiritualidad, mas nos acercamos a la unidad. 


La unidad es una busqued personal.


Conciencia de los principios fundamentales.


Aceptando cosas que son ciertas, tus creencias cambian.


Como cambiar tus creencias? Aceptando cosas que son ciertas, y encontrando las contradicciones con las creencias que sosteniamos hasta ese momento. 


Aceptando cosas que son ciertas alrededor de una cuestion, revela nuevas verdades; nuevos patrones que tambien son ciertos. 


Tendencia a la instantaneidad.


Hombre moderno/dominio material.


La ultima catastrofe.


La izquierda es la negacion de todo conocimiento real.


Lo relativo es imposible sin lo absoluto.


See how long you can act as if, before you believe it.


The bravest is the most consciouss of death.


Inteligencia pura; suprarracional, intuicion intelectual.


Quienes no conocen nada superior a la raon en el orden de la inteligencia. 


Supraindividual.


Ciencia sagrada y ciencia profana.


Es una cruzada contra el socialismo.


Si nadie mas entiende lo que digo, no es mi problema.


En lo relativo mismo hay grados diversos.


Orden de la metafisica, orden de las adaptaciones.


I couldn’t feel anything they said I was expecting. 


When the generation of the internet wakes up, the tension will be gone.


Filosofia natural.


Naturaleza=devenir.


Conocimientos de detalle son insignificantes.


Fisica: aplicacion, en el dominio de la naturaleza, de los principios superiores de la naturaleza y que se reflejan en sus leyes.
 
Las ciencias se declaran independientes y rehusan a tener en cuenta lo incognoscible, negandolo practicamente.


God is the contained and the container. 
14All.


Agnosticos, positivistas, pretenden prohibir a todos el conocimiento de lo que ellos mismos ignoran.


Distincion no es igual a separacion.


Ciencia moderna. Dispersion en el detalle.


Fantasias//individual.


Religion como la meditacion sobe lo eterno.


Eter en cosmologia hindu, en la fisica moderna.


Los hechos pueden explicarse mediante varias teorias diferentes. 


Tipos de conocimiento. 


Posibilidades de manifestacion.


El universo entero produce vibracion.


Evolucion/progreso/ en realidad degeneracion. De la astrologia y la alquimia a la astronomia y la quimica. 


“Es todo lo mismo”.


Ciencia moderna < los deshechos de las ciencias antiguas. 


< de union a multiplicidad.
> de multiplicidad a union.


Matematica pitagorica.


La sintesis total.


La metafisica es el punto de partida para todo lo demas.


Punto de vista ascendente(v) y descendente(^). 
< > v ^ 


I didn’t like my affiliated because I wasn’t a part of what I considered their philosophy. And at the time, the best one yet considered. 


Jesus’s secret is that he kew Evil.


Rueda cosmica.


Correspondencia entre todos los ordenes de la realidad. 


Toda mi vida es para mi un solo tiempo. La unificación esta en mi nombre.


Lo que es verdadero de toda ciencia es tambien verdadero de todo arte. 


Hay un tiempo para la edicion. 


Las ediciones nuevas no necesariamente van a tener mas, sino mejor. 


No viene de nada ni conduce a nada. 


Inteligencia pura.


Vincis Omnio Veritas.


Writings can be whatever I want them to be. 


Software and automation are there precisely because we are not hat smart. Understanding programming just gives you and advantage.


I just want to be alone more than just a morning or an evening, so I can keep moving forward. Still young and health okayish. I could live another 30 years or more.


Life is long, but won’t be if I get old and know death is soon to come.


Guenon: individualismo como la negacion de todo principio superior a la individualidad. 


Ausencia de principios.
No existe tal cosa. 
Todo continuo tiene su principio.


Sociedad edificada en la ausencia de principios.


One book; one concept. 


La originalidad individual se sacrifica en la verdad.


Lo ajeno al orden intelectual no puede llamarse verdad.


Naturalismo = negación de lo metafísico. 


La realidad reducida a lo sensible.


El subconsciente no existe. Existe lo intracorporeo (espíritu). 


Intuición intelectual y doctrina metafísica. 


Start my morning journaling because it gets fucking sad. How, exactly, do you save the father? 


It is a fucked up world and no one seems to realise it (past thought).


Every thought, even the ones thought in the past, are written in the present. Because remembering is recreating. 


Every line is about a particular moment.


Solo tenes que representar y despues acercarte para mirar en detalle. Imagino este cuaderno y no otro. 


What is sad is that these things could be known by everyone. 


What they’ve looked for in the East was the traditional spirit. Campbell, Nietzsche. 


Miedo a la verdad es lo que tienen. No deberian tener. 


Podes llevar una vida sencilla y cambiar el mundo. 


El peor mundo para vivir es el de la resignacion.


Mi viejo, la persona mas rendida.


Rhey get your spirit when they make you believe that sticking with your bad decisions is your best alternative. You always have a choice. You did back then; you do now again.


So many poorly written sentences but what is important is what they meant to say. 


Not knowing unity have long term moral implications.


Unity is the idea that includes them all.


Me gustaria que mi hermana leyera lo que escribi. 


No vas a recibir respuesta si preguntas cuando te vas a morir, pero la vas a estar esperando siempre. Angst. 


Wounds are where the lights come in.


There are cultural fixations. Therefore, we, as a collective are neurotic, pathologic.


Confidence, social skills, fit, mental endurance. Energy/motivation/testosterone.


No fap is alchemical.


Life changing reasons. 


It has to be greater than yourself. 


Brain fog/tunnel visioned/ study focus.


Get over pixels. 


Don’t have any social media. 


Stay woke.


Make it difficult for yourself to relapse. Block your way. 


Get away from self indulgence. 


Break your urges.


Urge/cold showers. 
15 days hardest.


Strength and power are within.


Be uncomfortable.


Write down why you started. 


Without your urges so you can decide.


Many things don’t yet make sense.


Wittier.


Extra energy to build better habits.


HAbit builder.


No sense of energy.


Obey your own commands.


Treasure island. 


“It drove the development of technology”. PRN.


Find someone to have a relationship with.


No one wanting to be intimate with you is the ultimate rejection.


Being presentable.


Legs crossed, feminine (more) energy. Me, grandad, JBP.


Magic is playing with chance and its forces.


Scatter yourself to the worst and see you make sense.


Distorting your reality can help you understand reality better, as disharmony makes you appreciate harmony.


Yo siempre intento entender a que se refieren otros cuando dicen algo.


No one ever has done this method so carelessly. Carelessly is the main trait is carelessness.


God can’t be seen but can be found, as it was uncountable times before. 


They make us believe we are winning, but we already lost. Now it is time to prepare for the next battle. Resurgence. Insurgence. 


They won’t doubt to kill you. 


Surveillance systems?How they work? 


Thinking I reached bottom. Not thinking I sank much deeper. 


The voice within you is God and it is you. There is no difference. We are all different Gods habitating the cosmos from our own center. 
The whole inner cosmos works just for us. 


The clash of titans.


Astonishing panorama of the endtimes. 


What matters is not what is within this line. What matters is the unlocker creativity. 


It’s always the second coming of christ consciousness.


This isn’t me, I’m not mechanical.


Sacala del angulo Pisculichi.


Only by writing you can see and prove that you actually are God. 


Me gustan las actividades que te dejan manco. Fumar, escribir, tomar mate. 
Things you can do compulsively while doing something else. It could be cocaine, hands free. But cigarettes will do.


Left wings are away from nature of itself. 


The left serves the purpose of what’s not. 


You need to meet God to find everything else.


No me dan las manos but in my head I have many. 


What’s better than to be admired for who you really are (hard to find out).


Great Big White World.
Nothing heals; nothing grows.
We are all drained of our colors.


My stitches itch.


You can knowingly, temporarily, go crazy. 


Nietzsche already denied a bi part of himself. 


Can you knowingly (knowing your psyche) go crazy?


The biggest temptation is the temptation to think. Learn to be still, not think and kill the impulse of doing it. You’ll need not to think when what's required is action. 


Unstructured thought.


Vale todo para aquel que todo lo sabe. 


I do not wish for a thing to be different. 


Goddamn your ratchet.


People who don’t get it, will waste it.


You listen. Then you decide, then act. The question is. Why would you decide to do wrong. That’s what many do.


“Obsessed with powers” is a bit too much. I was tripping a bit with music, that’s all.


Music for strong emotion.


There are many who believe that their wrongs are justified. 


Sweet dreams. That song traps your soul forever. 


Songs catch your soul.


Sweet dreams are made of this.


When someone comments on something you’ve done, using their words (reflective appreciation),  you stand back and think about it. If you once displayed, in the eyes of others, too much confidence, then you’ll wonder what you did, exactly (and how you did it).


The rolling tray is my friend. 


I could hear the sounds in music but not where they came from what I thought to be a hi hat, 14 years later (more or less) I can tell it was a groove machine, not a real drum hit. 


You can give more’ give more. 


You first need to know truth, to be trustworthy.


Responsabilidad no es lo mismo que deber psiquico.


Remove power from the ones who believe hold it. 


There is no power structure in the common sense. 


Structure, superstructure.


Power is dynamic. No institution would guarantee it. 


What won’t, you are saying it can’t. 


Old fashion fascism dressed as progress. 


Tyranies have been trying to push an agenda.


Nada mas noble que la droga.


No es que decir nada que no quieras decir.


Jamás vas a decir nada que otros no sepan. Pero quizás puedas decirlo mejor. 


Tengo que enseñarles a escribir (pensar). Que no escuchen mis pensamientos, sino la clave para llegar a ellos.


You may wonder… “would she let me fuck her?”


“Super fascist” Evola planted many seeds.


Every question is a genuine question. IT does not exist beyond itself. 


Succeeding the chain of succession (?.


You can’t just talk god with strangers. “I Just do not want to hear it”. Respect that. 


Think of all the songs you haven't written.


Things that are true are that I do not always write what I intended to say.


The black book is the book you've been writing on but never knew about.
It consists of every written words that has come into existence because of you.


It's okay that you always want to be best. But it's always you against yourself.


I and I mirrored.


You are not tricking your brain. You are tricking yourself. The brain functions.


Politics are inferior to philosophy.


Every philosophy is anchored in metaphysic presuppositions.
Certain idea of what is reality is the structure to building everything else.


You don't need to break everything.


No sabes dónde empieza el mundo real y dónde termina el imaginario.


There was a time where I was my best. Not too ordered not disordered.


Compartir si encuentro algo gracioso.


Sensuality is perceived.


What is sacred is there for you to pick up.


Every image is a portal.


I like strong characters, even the ones I dislike.


Self is the soul.


Chakras the upbringer of all light.


Genitals are the center of my body.
Mind is my higher self. It tells me what's right and wrong besides what my body says.
From the center, energy spreads. I feel my legs cut.


Egyptian understood sensuality.


Thirst. Vampire.


 The five Hindrances.


Whatever interferes with our ability to remain present.


The razors edge of the present moment.


We may have strong beliefs about pleasure and discomfort.


In mindfulness, we learn to fill our inner emptiness with awareness.


En el mundo faltan maestros.


Only when I'm in silence my mind can start working again.


Don't take thoughts too literally.


You can be aware of both things taking place at the same time.


They keywords are in the names of the chapters. But the chapters capitulated, you have to give me.
After any edit, I'm allowed to change chapters names. More accordingly. Less traceable to its source.


Of what importance would the story would be.


You can recycle emotion of make it go to waste.


We communicate by crops.


The black scroll is composed of every chapter, paragraph or sentence every written.


Websites are the new billboards.


Have a philosophy for every challenge of your life.


I wanted to avoid taking in new patterns. That's an ability you have.


Don't let the images cloud my senses
Mental images won't ever cloud my senses.
And my senses won't ever cloud my mind. It's just the bad combination of the two that could be an issue.


Partitioned.


Clever games in chat.
Why chat, if not.


Play games with the subtleties of reality.


Los stickers random son graciosos.


Extraño ser ridículo porque me río.


Tiraba cualquiera y un sticker.
A veces la gente se pega una perseguida.


Don't ever hyperfocus when aiming to completion. Unity.


It is a clever trick but quite simple.


There are things I don't want to see while doing other things.


With milk my body goes to sleep.


You can know the demons you could incarnate.


A pure battle in mind can't kill you.
Use the forces of the center to help you see through it. See what makes it a half truth. That you are making a conjecture from your sensation of your own imagination.
Always see the entire nervous you.
You can only be your spine.
I felt my spine broke when I was little.


Amor fati.


The entirety of the strength of the trip is given by you.


Fighting a thousand demons. 
All at once.
All at dark.
All at body.
All at mind.
To consciousness bringing up life. All half realities, all half truths.


The left is here to break truth. Bringing doubt into belief.
The right is here to break reality. Giving law into being.
I hope this honours them.


There's too much left right now,
But an upcoming right.


You'd have to become a real life Carlman.


I hope history forgives me.


I know it's all fiction.


I know it's all mental. I can see it. Now. I could always see it. I was so into my mind.


I can meditate with the lights on.


I always light to play with my eyes.


It's all bullshit equally.


Do you need the negative to a positive emotion?


You can play with your eyes the whole time. 


I am scared by spiritual awakening. But I know it's half truth.


Dangerous half beliefs could be triggered.


No me tengo que olvidar de comer ni de mi familia.


I know I exist and I could not care.
But I do.
Ram dass went into being nobody. Becoming nobody.


I don't get sucked on tunnels.


We call it energy for lack of better terms.


It's really hard to write without crossing your eyes.


My sister is not with me. Yet she is.
I'm not complete without the other.


I know what I've seen.


Why wouldn't I enjoy this moment with this empty mind.


I can empty it and or confront it. From A to Z.


I say whatever. 
But I say it.


Puedo hablar pelotudeces todo el día.


Decido ser mí mejor versión. Todavía no decido que es mío.


I can cut a deep breath and come back to life. 


Religion is about knowing experience and it's scary.


Too much shit going on in the world. Is it too wrong to be in pursuit of the truth.


I'm always in motion. That's what I like.


Where are you?
I don't know.


Ears itching.


You can badtrip any symptom, or have no symptoms at all.


Tu vida puede ser tan insignificante en relación a los sueños.


You don't always really want to be thinking about spiritual shit. 
At the same time, there's no way not to do it.


Astral projections. Things I've always done but never knew.


En algunas áreas están mejor en otras no.


Todos están en su propio proceso revolucionario.


No hay necesidad de apagar el cuerpo para revolucionar la mente.


Don't wake us up like this.


As heroic as it can be.


In fantasy. I release it into. With so many. I don't have to feel guilt for discarded thoughts.
Every piece of idea I've ever discarded. Every line i lost by memory or technology issues.


Movies in the head. Whichever one I want.


Know the power of the mind but then act it out.


Estoy haciendo y observando.
Contemplando y observando.


Robots executing others for predicting algorithmically something you'd do.


CBD is the best.


I don't want to challenge anyone.


I was the best candidate to be one, but I put it a stop.


They are thirsty for truth. But too obsessed with it.


This scroll of just for myself I don't write for anyone else yet this is free distribution once it's send to you.


Against no one. Don't thread on me.


I am an autist.
Godplaystheautist.


No one has them views straight.


I have an army of a thousand words.


I didn't write this for you I wrote that for myself.


This book is for myself. To know my self. All the aspects that exist and have existed.


My thoughts always stick to reality because they are metaphysical, not imaginary.
I know what I'm thinking about.


The black scroll becomes the black book after you are dead.


Everything has a magical link.


There's some plug and play people.


So many writers across the globe.


The black book is the only book you'll ever write.


La política de la nueva era necesita soldados que dominen la tecnología.
Editores de videos.


Tampoco lo hago por ellos.


"No tenes muchos amigos".


The black book's introduction is writing about everything I've been doing so far.


I’m not a nutcase because I think things true. 


Drugs are to be enjoyed in thgesent moment. Thinking, dreaming, talking, sensing, contemplating. Making judgements about what’s ordered in one place, to translate it to others. 


There is a hierarchy that only builds over time. 
Without time things aren’t.


Differences between the fool and the wise. The exterior is the same. The interior is the same. The reasoning is different. The belief is different. The honesty is different. The answers are different. 
What we all have in common are our differences in respect to reality and the world. 
I’m an artist, I know what I’m saying.


Guido y yo me supone a Death Grips. 
I choose to live in the real world.


With my relationships.


You know you are god when you can play with randomness.


I've been crying for many hours.


I missed what metal meant to me. For so long.


You can fell in love with characters.


Words of wisdom.


How do they know they'd like it differently without trying it as it is.


 "I would too if I would have been you" is the realization of the determinism of life.
You may believe you wouldn't buy the whole proves the particular.
There's all too much to unveil and everything proven wrong.


Teach people to be light-spirited.


I want to open in my own way.


Don't let life happen to soon. Enjoy its timing.


We confuse thinking with doing when we are at it.


Belief has its own voluntary process.


We live an life's in one.


Creo en lo que creo porque es un sistema y funciona.


If they still my phone, their problem.


Todas las personalidades eran diferentes. En donde menos se daban cuenta. En su cultura.


Esto que llaman el patriarcado es la falta de figuras paternas manifestándose.


Lo que voy a hacer es un gran truco de magia. Nada más. 


Every step is a trace for the future.


Every sentence can be beautiful.


I know not what to click. That's how I prove myself free will.


There's a moment where you have to take your chances.


Magia, la ciencia del espíritu.


Divinity is nowhere but up.


Antithesis dialéctica.
Materialismo dialéctico.


We talk about the dead all the time.


They all seem to know what they are doing.


El tiempo es lo opuesto a la eternidad.


Un tiempo sin fin.


En la naturaleza en tiempo cósmico se divide en cuatro.


Edad áurea ilimitada.


La caída de Adán es el producto de un acto de libertad.


Es posible pensar cualquier cosa.


Era del parish.


Let internet be tradition.


Metafísica es tomar al acto como un símbolo.


Potencia y acto.
Activo y pasivo.
Masculino y femenino.
Polaridades.


Convertir el veneno en remedio.


No respect for the forms.


Death is the most unknown and we move towards it.


El mejor símbolo es la palabra literal de la cosa en cualquier idioma.


La edad sombría.
La edad del último hombre.


Una razón para creer algo incierto, es suficiente.


Anyone really could congeniate.


Voy a hacer trucos de magia.


Quedó boquiabierta cuando le conté la idea. 


Uds no nos participan en nada.


The power of ideas is that I can change the world without you even moving.


La noche oscura del alma.
Rebirth is much brighter.


Plenty of things clouding your mind.
Smoke.


Metal lords.


A lot of hard truth I learned through metal.


Después parece que estuve diciendo un montón de bolazos. Pero el momento era mágico.


Todo es energético.


I thought I was mentally strong.


They subverting the worlds.


Multiplicity.


Some believe meaning is determined by life for you and it's the other way around.


Ahora vez como es que se formaron los adultos del pasado.
Se repite el ciclo.


Hay mucha gente que no está loca que se da cuenta de la que está loca.


Only through randomness I found myself.


I lost myself and there was something I was seeking. Peace. For when I found it again, I thought I didn't deserve it.
But only through myself I can be complete.


Do not assign meaning. Thing is as it is. Tinnitus could be from Mars. But who could know for sure.


Puedo a veces no escucharme. Pero a veces no sentirme. Pero falta grounding.


The past is ahead of me.


The path is sacred. 
Every thing made it what it is.


You can attach your head to something or detach it.


Going home is a descent back to hell.
Restoration mode.
Evaluation.
Evolution.


Only religious know the truth about our nature.
They've studied it.


No sabía que era bueno con la palabra escrita.


Religious study our own nature.


It's about being able to think about it without being at war with myself.


I guess we are now being target.


I care little about action I enjoy contemplation.


It was like my confession.


I had to grow to to realise these things. How these things were.


I unlocked astral projection at 28.


Find your own patterns that are locking you.


Clean is easier to think. 
You can lighter.
Ordered.


I'm more aware of what I care about.


Logos planted a potent seed.


Everything makes sense now.
It is always the same answer.
The logic in the dark.


Systems fall by their own weight.


I have a pretty strong defense.


I've never fit in but I wasn't supposed to.


You should grow virtuous not vicious.


Putting things to death is freedom.


Forget about what you believe.


Very different is the path of realization for any other.


Respect silence when others wouldn’t want you to talk. 


Expecting the unexpected feeling no positive emotion, could suggest that you are capable of the worse. And, no news here, you are. You are capable of the worst and the best within yourself. 


Yourself integrates myths and science of magic. The Self is the minimal unity; the soul. 


Is Christine preaching for a massive awakening?


The one truth is massive, infinite creativity. 


God is not moral law. God is the law by which every thing exists.


Writing is working towards your god, developing, reaching infinity. 


La inmortalidad es interna. 


I think what I say is important just because I have something to say about it. 


Some will rebel because authority is spiritual. Not enforced. 


Authority by force is just violence. 


Will they let me go?


Los resentidos se enojarian si alguna vez sintieron algo por la persona que ahora decide estar conmigo. 


I was trying my hardest not to be resentful. I succeded but it took many years of my most struggle.


Resentment is suffering. Actual pain is pain, not suffering. 


Un poco de caos siempre es bueno.


Writing to ground.
I write to ground myself. 
Never foget that. 


If what she believes in is totally opposite, chances are she does not respect you. 


Metaphysical is rooted in the first aparition of reality. 


I’m a master thinker, nothing else. But how do I explain it to people without sounding like a mystic or a saint. 
I know I can teach other teachers. 
That’s what we all should inspire to be. Teacher of teachers. 


I only talk to mysel. Myself in the past, in the present or in the future. 


Thinking about the world I’m just painting. 


Lo que es valioso no es lo que esta dicho sino en la forma en que fue dicho. 
La verdad es sagrada y siempre estuvo ahi. 
Pero la forma de decirlo es aqui y ahora todas las veces. 


Resurge a new hobby. 


You can think whatever, as long as you do not name them. The State is Voldemort, but pretends to be God.


My platonics are Maru, Euge. I write their names with much love and admiration when I picture them in my mind. 


There’s nothing I can’t write. The black scroll is just the source for all my books.


No es que aprendes a hacer cosas nuevas sino a ver las viejas con otros ojos. Soñé lúcido (anoche), lo recuerde o no.


“If only they’d all know what I know”. 
What a master of master thinks. 


A master of masters is not good at anything but being a master. Teaching. Learning new ways to improve teaching. Mastering the mastering of the masters.


Don’t lose respect for yourself in the process of loving others. You’ll hate yourself and others.


Viajes astrales siempre hicimos. Pero buscándolos en determinadas formas, we don’t be able to recognise it. 


A veces no otengo ganas de pararme a corregir. 
Habria un tiempo para la edicion. 
Y si no lo hay, no me voy a enterar. 


Your perception of me is a reflection of you. 


You lose strength getting the word out. 


To be reasonable does not mean I can agree to anything. 


I bring clarity. 
Because I choose to do it.
And then I go find it.


“How can they react like that to me?”, I do not care exactly. 


Your entire thought is a system that includes no one but yourself. 


Your spirit is as big as big is your knowledge. 


Hay que ser trasgresores de una epoca para trascender como humanidad. You just need a bigger idea. 


You always need a bigger idea. 
The bigger the better. 


Even the biggest of ideas is born from the same principle.
There’s a principality of principalities.
I’ve always struggled to see myself the way other’s saw me. That’s because I’m not them. It is always me, even when it is them, through me.


Structures need to be broken to be built back. 


Son inteligentes, y festejan porque saben lo que hacen.


Grandma is funny because she’s so akward to love. 


Spread your taint through magic. 


Express yourself. 
Magic is the subtlest expression of yourself. 


Peasants don’t go to hell.


I won’t be the one judging me for writing these lines. 


Corrupted many and corrected not so many.
This system.


1:17 tomé.


Only in the present moment is when things are.


“No contaba con eso”. Unpredictability. 


Subrayo. Luego leo lo subrayado, pienso, y escribo/transcribo.


Las criaturas pertenecen a clases.


Artistas semimundanos (son).


Hombres de mundo con dinero. 


La comprensión lleva a nuevos horizontes. 


Los pensamientos que se desprenden de una frase pueden variar infinitamente. 


God.
Logos.
Reality. 
Orders of existence. 


An unexplored idea causes both enlightenment and madness. 
Unpredictability. 
Next particle is enlightenment or crazyness. 


There’s affection for our first words. 


When I say father I’m not talking about carnal father. 
When I say sister I’m not talking about carnal sister. 
When I say mother I’m not talking about carnal mother. 
When I say me I’m not talking about carnal me. 
The only thing that unites all is symbol. 


Grasp the better symbol of reality. 
Describe it for yourself. 
With what you know. 
With the substance you are filled with.


Who cares what lines are missing; ideas are hermeticum.


In dreams, you dissolve.


El presente como sucesos eternizados.


Los sentidos son lo inmediato.


Tambien you puedo ser uno de varios. 


Maybe I should find a publisher. 


All things considered. 


How long would it take to transcript and compile all that I have written. 


Make a profile website to upload all of my things. 


Writing exposes the amount of words you use to think. 


Thinking is so fast that you can’t keep up with it always. 


Find a way to enjoy it. 


Enjoy the journey. 


Train. If in doubts, train harder. If in tears, break yourself. 


I put the capital, you work for me, I offer you to buy the percentage of it that corresponds to you. 


Many lines would be mistaken in the future. 


Many things I’ve said will be claimed to have been said by others; many wrong quotes, attributed to me. 


Recover the money and make more. 


Hierarchy is implanted. 


Law and orders says who’s legitimate and who’s not. 


Cities: decadence, criminality, elites, congregate.


Rural areas. Hardworking hands. 


It is an existential fight. 


To each man, its psyche. 


Good writing makes you want to read more. 
As simple as that.


Poisonous thoughts. I should go work in the fields.


“Cat Stevens es un tipo extraordinario”.


Tiredness is not at the end of the way. 


Unas leyes para ellos y otras para nosotros. 


Don’t take blessings for granted. 


“Don’t look up”.


Radicalized right wings were once brainwashed left wings. Resentment will push that through. Liberation will pause all. 


Freedom at the center of everything leads to the difficulty of choice as the center of the matter. 
What you decide, has a weight in the world. 


Spirit has no weight. 


Linea editorial. Tipos de publicaciones que la editorial recibe. 


Use your creativity to reach out to me. 


As long as I don’t have the software, I’m wasting time because It’s moving linearly and forward, and it is not consistent nor turning into itself for coherence and cohesion. 


Spirits can’t be killed, just organized by priority. 


Continuing fluctuation, pendulums continue to swing. 


Let the higher mind lead. Make ego useful to it. 


Make your ego useful to yourself. 


Ego requires maintainance and introspection. 


Make a lasting difference in the world. 


Memory starts when time gets rigid. 


You start dying when you start anchoring. 


Chapters should be organized by their position in my own thought structure. 


What I do sounds a lot like validating. 


He was all of those things. 


Superficiality can delate you. 


Florece la libertad en Argentina. 


Todos los viajes empiezan con sonido. A la experiencia directa puede sumarse el sonido reflectivo. 
Tengo musica en mi cabeza 24/7.


Las imágenes también se sobreponen pero es mas dificil.


Cuales son las propiedades de la mente? Puede hacer oír, ver, mover.


Take your secret to the cave and meditate on it. Transform yourself and come back. 


To transform yourself you just need retirement. 


They forgot to tell us what ritual was for. 


Me encantaría conocer a alguien que sea ideal para mi. Que dificil, mas no imposible. 


Ideal is not one of infinite possibilities. 
I anyone that understand the infinite possibilities for each one. 


There’s no choice with no sacrifice. 


El lavado de cabeza te hace militante. 


Importante crees que es lo que tenes para decir cuando ves que nadie mas lo esta diciendo. 


Sadness when things aren’t where they should be. 


La verdad es un sendero. 


Ya no le parecía que luchar pudiese tener sentido. 


Soy más la ropa que uso siempre que la que no uso nunca. 


Estoy cansado porque entrené. 


Book editing. 


Smoking makes me wonder. 
Wander. 


Escribo porque estoy triste y ya se me va a pasar. 


He who’s in hell takes it seriously. He who’s overcome it know it is all a joke. Heaving it’s at your reach, if so you desire, and so you recognise your liberty to do it. 


The black scroll is the negative. 
The positive is the books.


Accountability for what I say? Post mortem.


In doubt? Take it to an extreme and see if its true. 


What could be wrong, is wrong. 
What could be right, is right. 


How can you force yourself to start forgetting?


How can you start believing in something you don’t. 


Metaphysics. 


No confundir silencio con soledad. 


Profecía autocumplida es buscar protegernos de lo que creemos que somos o nos estamos convirtiendo. 


Sabio para saber cuando estoy atrapado. 


Primero al herrero. Ahora, al rey. 


Habla de cualquier cosa que te venga a la mente. 


Trust your knowledge. 


Be still and listen to the silence. 
Bring back your awareness to you. 


Tu voz verdadera. 
Tienes propia voz.


Solo se sale pensando. 


He derramado lagrimas por mi hermana, mi papa, mi mama. 


El universo, fuente de todo conocimiento. 


El silencio es para uno el conocimiento es para todos. 


Escribiendo medita uno sobre la escritura. 


Encantador y vital. 


Reclama tus mejores cualidades. 


Todos procede de una única verdad. 
El verdadero conocimiento no se divide. 


Hermosos, inocentes y perfectos.


Ambición del corazon sirve a uno y a otros. 


Desarrollo mi potencial para beneficio de todos. 


Aprender de los arboles. 


Quieto para aceptar y apreciar. 


People fulfill stereotypes. 


You can use questions to make a point. 


People usually don’t like to deny their own claims. 


She exposed me to a place where everyone was judging me. 
Ritualistic judgement. 
Once each year. 


The quieter you become, the more bullies you encounter. 


Moral intuitions. 


You  can say things or explain them. 


Jesus may have been the first one to solve the problem, but not the only one. 


There’s a solution to the guilt problem. 


How do Christians deal with deserved guilt?


Tendría que ser un estúpido para querer nacer sabiendo que pasaría por todo lo que pasé. A menos, que el sufrimiento valiera la pena.


Ingredientes universales. 


No obedecen imposiciones. 


Podemos convivir, yo y la avispa. 


Autodidactas. Iniciativa propia de aprender. 


Nos han engañado espiritualmente a través de la cultura política. 


La cultura política es la cultura mas superficial y lo expresan las redes sociales. 


Cultura política obsoleta. 


Formas individualistas de hacer política. 


Soy, aunque me pese. 


Contar historias es crear un mapa exacto y/de su significado. 


You don’t fuck all that ain’t ugly. 


Somos misioneros. Ayudamos al cambio.


Cuando estoy aburrido no me falta droga, me falta inspiración. 


One way is to deal with it as if it was nothing. But then, all is nothing. Learn to know about nature.


Every thing has no weight. 


I learn that I should be mindfull at all times at the idea that I’m writing at the time I’m writing I.
Return to the idea. 
Remember the timeless. 
Remember the one (mystery);
the zero (totality;
the minus one (matter).


Trance. Unbelievable that a plant can help you wake up to it. 


It is inverted, what is a mystery to us is what is real (1) and what known is what’s unreal (-1). This is the way our minds work. 


Nothing is imposible.


What lacks is convincing when you are on decay. 


There’s no auto-correct. Not even, at all correction. 
What can’t be changed has to be accepted.


When you are terrified,
that’s when you believe in demons.
Not when it’s morning. 


I paint with my mind first. 


The importance of a house is to feel safe. There you can keep your windows open, your lights off, and you go to sleep so peacefully.


They choose not to look.


Tormented as hell. People do have worries.


Don't turn a dream of light into a dream of darkness.


There is a candle in the middle of the dark.


It could be a dream of light if you'd want it to be.


I can choose what avatars to use before a strategy.
I do not always have a strategy. Not when I'm being myself.


Self discipline. Play hard. Be sincere.


You confess your sins to no one but yourself.


Los santos son una vela.


At least discern what you believe to be true.


Stormy outside. 
Cercle inside.
A candle on my left hand;
a pen on my right hand.


Do not defy your own mind.


Courage. 
Don't play pretend 
to be scared shitless.
But if, 
endure it.


"Le temes a la oscuridad?".


Look at god's creations. Discern what is not and just imagination.


Atoms are just spirit. Particle and wave at the same time.


You have to be brave to be an artist or a philosopher. Always in the dark thought that void that causes our thirst. We are terrified of it. With enough reasons. But that does not mean it is true (no sufficient reason).


Fucking world is inverted.


-1 matter (unknown).
+1 mysteries (known).
0 entirety.


What is intangible is the only thing we know.




It feels wrong because I know I am not going to like it.


Darkness meditations.


We can only paint so much.


Me terminé asustando porque creía mis propias historias de fantasía (en un proceso).
Las que tendría que creer de menos.


Confort. That is a house.


Life is to go and suffer it.


Who knows if I'm wrong.


The angel with the scabbed wings.


There's nothing you shouldn't look at.


You can't enact the hows of morals without the whys. A life with no purpose. One with empty instructions.


Drinking melted sugar.


You can shout "this is important".
It won't be of any difference.


What paints your soul a little darker is your sin.


Subtle imprints.


I would defy both of my.


Without this body I am nothing.


El sentido de la vida no es una cosa.


Vivaldi o Mozart por las melodías.
Bach por su progresismo.
Wagner por su potencia.


Can’t wait to exorcise it all. 


I’m choosing the path that I walk.


You listen to your intuition but you never let it decide. 


I could embrace myself and become the greatest philosopher and artist. Or die poor and young. Or both. 


What’s negative to us is material reality. 


Death is our canvas. What we got to leave, all contained in the moment of death. Frozen in time. 
Your imprint. 


The reasons you deserve to know the truth.
Spiritual.
Emotional.
Mental.
Carnal.


Spiritual body, carnal body, emotional body, astral body. 


Astral the movie that moves through time. 


El One. 


Pueden deducir de las cosas de las que soy consciente que digo/escribo.


Escuchando qué dicen, sé de que cosas son conscientes. 


A lot of different movies happened in my head. 


People with no comfort go insane. 


“El hombre duda mucho”. 
Caballo Loco. 


Philosophers should bring exquisite thoughts. 


Dad has no comfort. 


Many people are discovered through other people’s writings. 


How many do not occupy any place in written history. 


The importance of the survival of spirit is posterity. The evolution of humanity. 


Fermin era re arisco. No se si en la casa no le gritaban mucho. 


All movies (potentially) as well. 


Why do my own words sound like riddles? 


I posses flow every day all day, and I intend to keep it like it. 


A veces estoy repitiendo palabras en mi cabeza y aparece música. 


Push it to the limit. Its own limit. Its natural right meaning. 


How amazing it is to be actually able to share thoughts. 


I don’t like fearful people. 


We are on the last stages. 


Solo a veces veo cosas pero siempre escucho cosas. En mi mente. A propósito.


I lost all dignity in the process of gaining a chick.


Do you miss the old you?


Right questions and answers don’t just come to mind when you need them. You need to be prepared for it. 


Learn to write more with your eyes. 


They are so on their heads that they end up writing with their ears. They don’t see the world. 


Perhaps losing hearing was a blessing, because I started using my eyes more. For anchoring, and later on for re-memorizing. Or re-living. 
I started enjoying memories more. 
I understood that they come up (aparecen) complete. 


The black book section writes itself. 


I can extract from one file all of them paragraphs. 


Philosophy are tools to think about other things. 


Genius is a spiritual evolution. 


It means what it means, once that you find out the truth. 


We are so bad that we’ll have to explain the spiritual realm. The one that many aren’t seeing. 


Tocando lo que compuse triste, ahora lo hago contento. 


Make it until you fake it. That is nature. Contrary to fake it till you make it, which is unnatural and materialistic. 


What’s recorded is printed in your psyche, so in your spirit. 


Todo es un proceso.


Think something true about everything that appears in your mind and there you are, a genius. 


I forgive because I’m no hypocrite. 


Don’t blame me for being ashamed. 


The sacred. An image you shouldn’t brake. Couldn’t. It’s like a glitch in the matrix. Something not going how it’s supposed to. But then something else breaks, because it’s a world of possibilities. 


The sacred as the natural that can’t be contradicted. 
You can’t desacrate yourself. 
You desacrate but your self. 


I’m doing a good thing staying. 


Only how far are you willing to go on that dream?


Are you going to kill us all? Okay, then the brave, please come out. 


I won’t tell anyone what to believe or how to think. I rather tell how it’s for me. 


I get them caught in my dreams whenever I want to. 


Once you recognise something, todo vuelve. 


True connections. 


Porque iba a escribir cualquier cosa en el chat de DB?


Why evil? Suffering. 


Is evil what’s lacking? 


I don’t know why people would spend time doing things like this. 


I wish I knew sooner. But I did. 


Thick. Cultivate healthier habits.


In the spiritual realm something is because something else isn’t. 


Don’t assume light and dark to mean good and evil. There’s goodness in darkness and evil in the light. 
What’s in the light is only what’s known. 
What’s in the dark is only what’s unknown.


I don’t remember almost anything I’ve written.
I can’t remember.
At least right now. 
And every now and then.


“How I trained myself to be a writer”.


Associating white and black, you can have an episode (meaning period of time when your realizations about reality caused you to panic hard. Seeing white as good, black as evil (ying/yang).


I felt bad the time I knew more. Because they were all unhappy. 


Cherrypicking. La estrategia política de los zurdos. 


False dualities can let you to be insane and sane at the same time. We are someone in an instant; someone else the next. 


The period of my life I hated the most it’s as well the one I write/remember the most. Writing/remembering… what’s the difference.


People rarely talk about a higher good.


You can split yourself. Not recognising an aspect of yourself. 


“Besides, the dead won’t bother you; it’s the living that you have to worry about”. JWG.


A monster has multiple animal combination. 


We are a combination of multiple spirit animals. 
One that flies, one that swims, one that walks. At least one.


We are also.


"Yes, this is who you are", the universe tells us as we see it.


I know I can go back to memories to make sense out of them, understand them, solve them. Asking why only gets us to certain aspects of reality.


Me siento mal, pero sé que sí respiro en un rato se me pasa.


Am I allowed to reset?
A question most of us ask.


Out, all. In my writings. 
It is subtle and it takes time.
Expelling the energies.


Making sense of it all is a creative act.


Speaking is a mouth massage.


Let go.


Keep on going.


Do not use complex words. Don't complicate it for complication's sake.


I write every paragraph the way I feel like the most.


Politics always only complicate things.


I'm made of what people made of something else.


We are, for others, the else.
I am an other, for the other.


Most quotes are interchangeable.


All those times that were humorous, could then seem perverted (in retrospective).


We are all turning into Frankensteins.


This makes me pronunciate my quotes out loud.


I have a sense of humor and it will kick your ass.


I love thinking;
I love writing.


He was having an episode on loop. They are.


Un episodio a la vez. El espíritu es una pasada. Hay bucles pero también hay continuos.


Hay citas que dan cringe.


The real meaning of things rely on certain aspects / dimensions.


"There are many books that have led radical and political movements, spread awareness, and spoken the truth".


Bind into 
old books, 
pages with 
your words 
written in them.


Make my house a library. 
Homes evolve.
Homes deteriorate.


It is human behavior.


Good writers have good sense of how it would be.


We are all full of myths, but we have to go back and tell the truth.
I say "we have to" in order to acquire what we desire the most: to be free of our impulses and think forever.


Vergüenza cuando hablo de mis visiones.


To shine light on something that is too important.


¿Por qué la vida sería tan irónica? Y no lo era. Era mi propia ironía reflejada de vuelta en mi. Es un sistema de espejos.


Okay so,
"Is this truthful about the past?"
; 
"Yes, it is".
Okay so,
"now what?"


Now what. The only question needed.


The past only serves a purpose: to teach us.


He would burn my books.


You can't differentiate if you don't watch.


Shine light on what's good so we can all drive towards it.


Quiere hablar él nomás. Te das cuenta porque te para en mitad de un cuento para decirte algo que él se acuerda que se relaciona con esto.
"Estuve viendo para hacer libros cosidos a mano…".


She played mindgames with us. 


The universe is an entire mindgame for us. 


I never paid attention to content, only to shape. 


Language shapes our reality. 


To make someone have a bad trip, is of bad people.


To make someone go paranoid.


I believe we’ve all gone past that. 


There are so many ways a woman can be thought about. 


I don’t remember what I’ve called myself.


“My discoveries”. 


Un diario tiene que ser sin renglones. A veces con a veces sin. 


Nos implantan el germen y despues nos controlamos entre nosotros. 


As with everything, you have to know. 


Many beautiful writers.


009 is more chaotic.


Just little chaos. Like sprinkles.


Para pasar de una parte a otra con la guitarra, hago un corte.


We are all equally violent as we are all equally animal.


Healthier philosophies.


Between me and nothingness, God.


To sell is like a magic trick.
Part by part.
Step by step.


Implantes si, pero no los que el cree.


Mi mejor cualidad es que soy gracioso.


Ginger Fish my greatest influence in the drums.


Es un switch. 
Lo que recuerdo soy. 
Pero hay entendimiento y no neurosis.


He told me how much I liked to go at high speeds in the stroll when I was a baby.


Fungus implantus.


I'll be writing until I'm dead.


I'm worthless. 
Doing helps me see otherwise.


Don't marry your friends.


I bet on humanity as a whole.
I skip all the political bullshit.
They fight their own fights.


She causing me causes me peace of mind.


I knew what was happening as I was doing it.


Traumatized by movies.


Address the point at question.


Scared of your own conclusions.


I upload a thing in a group because I thought they would like it, not because of the reactions it would get.


Knowledge equals goodness. You only cultivate virtue with knowledge.


Podrías ser buena en eso.
Si fueras buena en general.


La bondad y la excelencia se parecen.


Clumsiness; or bad thinking.


Con tolerancia y buena voluntad.


I'm going to give them comfort.


It's not part of the new lifestyle.


Only half truths.


Conscious agents.


Perceive, decide, act.


Good storytellers make the story unfold.


In the dark it all gets interesting.


Look for the dark spots always.


It will all come to an end the way you tell it.


He went pretty far but never found the way to heal.


Anger is not the right emotion to thrive on.


He says the anti-cristo and I know what he means.


I have overcome even the auto correct.


I saw the patterns but didn't hold any symbols.


If I'm brave to write about it I should be brave to speak about it.


Why keep the mental horrors hidden from humanity.
The one thing you want to talk about and no one is talking about.


I'll phrase it however I want to phrase it.


Words are spells: "it won't be easy, but good".


Unpredictability is on/by your side if you know that it's there for you.


Every philosopher it's tricky. it wouldn't have  otherwise work.


You know how volatile you are.
To react to other people.


I kept finding trouble because I was brave and knew where to.


The aging of faith.


Are you ever outside of your mind?


Just continue. Calmer.


Serenity.
Freedom.
Responsibility.
Three words I learned from my father.


Biggest Star in the world.


Poison of money and fame.


Keep working.


Quién va a creer en mí, si no yo?


Troubled artist.


I always separated my art from my personal.


Jim Carrey commited suicide in my head.


I work on myself on many levels.


Some nights you'd murder for a cigarette.


Stars have always been stars.


All I know, in a moment will be common sense.


Truth doesn't move us forward. It's not supposed to.


I never resented not fitting in.


Old glimpses of the past it's all that there is.


A house full of rooms is a house full of secrets.


Learn an attachment, learn detachment.


Un problema estructural requiere una solución estructural.


Human sacrifices.


Sokratis found space technology.
Sócrates found a path to knowledge.
Jesus found a path to love.


You practice your lines.


Eternity of communion with…


Ad hominem.


Never in accordance with authority.


Monkey brain.


Individuation.


Be true to your words. Even in a debetale. 


Disciples are friends that want to learn. 


Suggestion is not sufficient reason to believe something. 


“Mere Christianity” - CS Lewis.


El padre y el hijo son lo mismo en la realidad simbolica. 


There are four types of reality, one for each body we have. Astral, flesh, emotion, mental, spiritual. Can’t remember what the four bodies were. 
Fortunately, they were already laid down for us. 


“I can save her”.


“This time will be different”.


What if it’s your own suffering, but it’s for the best. 


The world can seem like a lovely place. And that’s because it is. 


Move away from civilization. 


Construct/build over it. On it. Cover it. Bury it. You won’t resist digging it back out. 


Suicidal notes after boredom. 


Le contaba a mi El de mi y se quedaba callado. Se referia a el. El creia que…


En los poemas, de las palabras el orden, se puede cambiar. 


Poesía en prosa sera escritos donde escrito cambia. 


God’s plan is every decision you make. 


We all think we deserve punishment.


La poesía tiene un sentido estético. 


Tengo que preguntarme que va a ser de mi vida. Or take it as it comes. First seem more natural. Second is happening anyways. 


Good and bad are up and down. 


Me cuesta mucho escribir por el hecho de escribir. 


Invitar a ver. Lo hace uno con su elegancia y su apriencia fisica. Yo nunca he cuidado muy bien la propia imagen. 


“Me sobrepongo”.


Sobreponerse al asco es una forma de lidiar con el que lo nico que hace es ser aun peor que el asco pero que hace del asco un acto consciente. 


I’ve had trouble adjusting my sight, my whole life. 


Here lies, half deaf. 
I’m unbalanced. 


I was scared of my own dreams. I got caught in them. The most horrible nightmares. What stage of madness are you transtiting?


It’s imppressive how easily we become werewolves and vampires. 


Puedo volver a estar bien siempre que el aqui y ahora este bien.


A book of phrases. “Phrases of…”.


I want to write my whole life, but can I take what comes with it. 


There’s a responsibility for writing. 
Writing is a weapon. 
From a tool can become a weapon.


Una verga el soundtrack de mi mente en este momento escribiendo estas líneas, pensando estas cosas. 


La diferencia en la vida la hace saber o no saber el truco. Conocer o no saber que es la libertad. 


Write down your thoughts. Make your thoughts interesting. 


Psychology is the metaphysics of behaviour. It will never be expressed by thoughts. 


Tengo prendas que cargo con el uso. 


Al soundtrack le agregue un flanger recien. 


You can’t deny thoughts even when you can’t explain them.


How many chains unchained. 


Why am I afraid of following my deliriums on these pages. 


Si hiciese diarios cargados. 


El tiempo que te roba de atencion una cosa, ese tiempo esta ahi, contenido en la cosa.


Si hiciese diarios estarían cargados por mi atencion y energía por el calor que le transmití con mis manos. Sé que parece que no es el mismo objeto, porque el tiempo es diferente, pero es ese objeto, across time. Nos cuesta percibirlo como nos cuesta percibir todo lo demas.


The evolution of thought.


Tampoco es necesario tener luz todo el tiempo.


Soñar despierto que te agarran. Esos son espíritus. Que son otros, pero sos vos. 


La otredad dentro tuyo, se llaman espíritus. 


I wouldn’t let him alone with anyone. 


Todos notamos el deterioro. 


Este audio. 


Por que no estamos hablando todos de metafísica. 


Entró internet a las csas para mostrarnos cosas que no nos tenía que mostrar. 


I was aware of bad company. I couldn’t keep them out. You do not want to be friends with everybody. 


El olor se debe sentir desde afuera. 


No puedo, así, enfocar/encajar los ojos.


Desde cuando me importa escribir con errores. 


Escribí solo las frases que no te costaría creer. 


Razón suficiente para la sospecha es cualquier cosa que llame nuestra atención.


No se si mi letra gusta y es legible o si es horrible e ilegible.


El amigo menos buitre. 


Hay un velo cuando estas cansado. 


Podés buscar a Dios en infinitas direcciones. 


God is complete because God is completion. What’s contained within itself.


I am contained within myself.


The differnce between God and you, is a realization.


I should write shower. I’m mixing things or falling asleep. It gets blurry. Dreams come easily. 


Desquiciado estaba. 


Al menos tres o cuatro paginas por sentada. Al menos un  par de sentadas por día. 


Can revelation have a place in a world filled with sounds and images. 


Falling asleep or dying. 


Los patricios.


Un monton de libros tirados en una biblioteca en una iglesia. 


Soñé el costo de mi libro. 


They keep being the same bitches. 


Con que veo mis imagenes mentales si no es con el tercer ojo. 


Soñé conmigo, diciendo que tengo afasia. 


La salud mental está en recuperación o deterioro.


Soñé con Marcial disfrazado de Marcelo. Se notaba pero le salio muy parecido. 


People just want one thing and it’s fucking disgusting. 


What is true about them that is also true for the rest of us. 


En ayunas, primera hora de la mañana. 


Do not judge. 


Death is catching up with me. 


There are things I’d of course choose not to think about ever again. 


“Hey it’s me”. I can’t recognise me.


Contemplating the possibility.


Los sueños decantan. Las películas germinan. 


You wanted to see, then you saw, even after regretting it. 


There is nothing writing doesn’t end up making me feel better about. 


Would they forgive an artist.


You could lose touch with reality. 
Are you ever in touch with reality though?


Why did you suppose the you in the future wouldn’t be the same as the ones you are now.


I just put words into the shit that comes to my head. 


Think “God first” and find it’s always true. 


Be a better communicator. 


I know what it means to be dangerous. Then why do so. 


When you hate, you hate everyone.


Todo lo que siempre quisiste está atrás de todas las pelotudeces. 


Tengo miedo a la condena porque la condena no depende de mi. 


You have tragedy and comedy in which I am the center.


A church is an institution honouring someone else’s teachings. The corrupt, the unauthentic. 


I couldn’t have ever written one sentence in any other time than the one in which I did. 


Why do I love writing so much? I could stare at my pen drawing words. 


You don’t talk to your brothers and sisters, you talk to your enemies and rivals.


If you resist it gets worse. Get life as it comes, as beautiful and horrible as it is, you can’t do but watch.


Am I a bad son? I do share some time with them. But how much is enough time. If there’s such a thing. I prefer reading, thinking, and writing, because from them I almost never learn a thing. They do not pursue knowing and teaching. 


Put your perspectives into a cycle. Your values, integrate them into a cycle.
 
Grimoire. 
Book of shadows.


Validation seeking. 


Gratitude journalying. 


Mantras of things you want to live by. 


I’m a writter with attention deficit.


Each scene is like a song. 


Each story like a single.
Could be single or an album.


You have to start somewhere.


You change your views to not be prosecuted.


“Take reality as it comes”. Los mantras no se eligen. Es lo que resuena. 
Lo que resuena suena.


Nice. 


Gaming is about competing. 


Healthy competition, that’s what a game is. 


Do I understand health?


Never start a phrase “what people don’t seem to understand…”. It’s just you realising it now. 


“I game, so what?”


Before doubt, shoot.


Should I be a medic. 


I can write whatever the fuck I want. 


Watch out behind. 


I do nothing. As simple as that. Know you can always do nothing. 


I want to fail in life to my father’s eyes.


Order to flourish. 


Mastery of chaos. 


Certain amounts of truths.


You can experience intuitive good. 


A little revelation.


Cientific societies have been damaging to our brains. 


You reduce everything to the material. 


The lowest thing is matter.


Why would I be different. The difference is that I am going to be there, always. 


Material reveal truth patterns. 


Bag of fat you are wayup the way (?.


I identified with the second character. The shady one. Thinker, doubtful, but also good.


It's only good he who chooses to do good.


Thinking is a tool and a weapon. Then writing.


Be generous honouring your debts.


Tulio and Miguel heart and mind.


El chaman siempre mira para arriba. A los cielos.


The age of the jaguar.


Xibalba the spirit world.


Gods demand blood because gods don't bleed.


Miguel the hanged man.


La diferencia la hacen lo que juzga otro y lo que juzgo yo.


Otro es el singular de cualquiera que no sea yo.


People tend to believe what they know is the entire universe.


He always minimazing our generation.
Will they be held accountable.


Uno no es lo que siente. Seriamos todos una mierda. 


Que es un desafio. 


Por que no se callan? Si no tienen nada bueno para decir. 


Hay un buen margen pero tampoco es tan grande. 


Antioscurantista.


“Mis sueños delirantes en donde yo soy una supermodelo”.


Quien decretó qué es un ser humano?


Creen que la realidad es una construcción idiomática.
Creí lo mismo; después vi que habia orden en la naturaleza.


Do not feel angry with idiots. 


Why would I refuse to go back on my own life. 


Se supone que yo no sepa que es ficción. 


I’m not supposed to know what is fictional about my writing. 


I don’t care about my posture as long as it’s written. 


Why do I not like losing? 
Why do I not enjoy it?
Losing has no good in it. 
Choose what has good in it. 
Enjoy that. 


Corrupting the most beautiful things is the task of the corrupted. 


I can’t play any good matches. I’m ou of practice or out of luck.


You hate it because you are not good at it. 


I’m becoming an adult. That is all that it is. Approaching divine fores with adult-like minds.


Aiming needs correction. How do you aim in real life? 


Consciousness stretches in a tough manner. Almost like breaking an eggshell. 


There is certain order in my head. 


I think there is certain order to things.


Sit back on things and reflect. 


But you ain’t, are you?


Snap out of it. 


How there are people that are so good at things. 
Sports is internal and about internal growth and stability. 


Moana doesn’t work. 


Where’s the divine feminine in the Holy Ghost. 


Rafe Kelley. 


The feminine is in the nature. 


Diana is the divine feminine. From my dream.


The true question is who am I. 
I define that. 
Every day. 


Women is nature. Meant to be deified. 
Statements. Order. 


Sexual union between heaven and earth. 


Nature is pre-God. Order comes from chaos. 
First chaos is passive, ordered. 
First order is chaotic. 


Mi oído esta hecho mierda. Por eso escribo así.


They mock all the beautiful.


Follow your heart. 


Sometimes it’s alright to overcome disgust, and it’s when you have to.


The thing about this line is that it could be change the next. 


You don’t have to solve everything inside, always. Let go and let it be.


When I see it, I don’t see it as a fantasy. It’s me, surrounded by a storm of divine force. 


The return of the King and Queen.


Tolkien. 


You move on. Back into the present moment. No matter what. You move forward until you move no more. 


Transformation happens in dark places. Well intentions will get you back right. 


Getting angry you eventualy get drained. 


Me hice mierda los oídos. 
My body is vanishing. 


As soon as you say it you become alive. 


Nameless destroys the world. 


There’s nothing special. I just write books. 


El país ya explotó.


Ordinary people do extraordinary things. 


Every person is ordinary. 
With potentiality of extraordinary.


Cuando se den cuenta va a ser tarde. 


En el campo me terminé de romper el cuerpo. 
Tengo que cuidar mi cuerpo aunque no quiera. 


You come to terms with things as they are.


No esta funcionando porque ya no es secreto. 


One dreams of recovery. 


Mis ojos tratando de hcaer foco todo el tiempo. Como no voy a estar cansado. 


Things you did haunts you. 


Juicy debates. There are some. 


I love debates. Brain battles.


This conviction (convencimiento?) is not without reason. 


Old faiths don’t want to die. 


Church as community of believers. 


Forces of spiritual values. 


Charity in truth. 


Satan guides in the dark. Like a torch. God is pure light. They are perfect archetypes.


Push back what’s shit. 


Cross hands. 


The whole spectrum all to myself. I was never trapped. I just didn’t know it. 


A script about that slave (man kidnapped) behind the room. In the room there are aparitions. In the room, a dark magician makes him potions and gets him high. He dreams, cries and screams but he’s alone and tied.
The chains disappear after so many trips. He still don’t want out. 


That’s the big man on the coat. Find archetypes in horror movies. 


They are rigid only because they want to. 


You don’t want to address certain things because it is emotional work.


How did the wise achieve such knowledge?


Depth rather than specificity.


Manly P. Hall, 
Alan Watts, 
Anne Davies 
Carl Jung 
Inspiring characters who channeled the divine's consciousness greatly.


Supuesto categórico.


In a round table we are all equally distanced from the center.


"Don't count with me" she said.


Engagement.


You get better at womening with time.


Derecho a la desconexión.


Usar la tecnología a conciencia y a mí favor.


She said boredom was good for us.


Ikigai.


Consecuencias del estrés permanente.


My body is not my. 
My body is mine.


People aren't a government issue.


Commitment phobe so no tattoos.


The more real you get the more unreal the world gets.


You find the jokes in the writing itself. While you write it.


Writers write about the process of writing.


I don't know what the story is.
How can I write a story that I don't know. I wish I had an idea to write about.


Turn everything into fiction.


Writing about oneself drains you.
Need fiction to write and enjoy and release tension.


El propósito se define en la obra. No antes.


Before writing, the real world has to disappear.


Man dog and man God.


I choose to see everything as a blessing. I choose to see everything as a curse.


Guns, God, government.


Just get people to know they.


God is a they. The multiplicity of the unity.


Decentralise music.


Maybe I should pursue my career.


Un Gmail por cada canción.
Un Google drive por cada canción.
Un SoundCloud por cada canción.
I ask randoms to share their versions of the songs with that drum track that is free for everyone to download and use.


God plays the artists.
333.
GGG.
666.
Guns, God and government.


Sometimes I'm just taking notes.


I record my entire song.
All tracks, I send them to randoms for them to record the rest. I send a drum track to a guitarist. A guitar track to the drummer. All of my songs in their different versions.