41
i cant refuse thinking of who i was
uninspired, do the work
make a move
i dared them to be straight with me
the truth is too simple to be explained
But to hard to be understood
whats my accent
i was right about thinking
whats higher than myself if not my parents
un cachilo en mi puerta
“yo no me escondo, mama” 
she was afraid i might gonna do something
she recommended me therapy, familiar constelation, to me see myself from their point of you
thats what i trully didnt understand; how they saw me. i didnt see a why
they never went straight with me
joy is experiencing life
its funny when they cowardly avoid you
how do take things
i talk to the miscarriaged. miscarried. like manson did
i had manson as a parent. the duality. i grew up with a strong notion of reality
strong notion of reality implies that you are wise
i know dangerous just with words, because im a philosopher
there is truth in the verb, they say
that mosquito could be the one that carries the disease
but this time, ill take my chances
a leap of faith
its all its needed
the only thing we can say about flies is that they are annoying. we do not hate them. dont disgust them. they just annoy our bodies
let me be
you dont have to wear them
this are my clothes
my anxiety is coming
404
i can write about my anxiety coming without my anxiety coming
505
aint that right?
520
555
what annoys the body but doesnt do it physically, shouldnt be political
speech. thought. attitudes. gestures. 
i know how to get on people’s nerves
it was pride that wasnt letting me talk with them
710
he made me see
metal music is just fun. you can not think nothing of it
I didnt have a space with no distractions from tv
no music annoys me. i enjoy all that i like
ME
liking. what a hard word. 
you have to choose one
you have to chooose one word
111
i react to the way i see others, not the way they are, nor the way they act towards me
im not reactive
im active
they are reactive
whos not me
whats a response from my unconscious. the one aspect of mind, processing it all
why do judge me by my worst
la noche oscura del alma
i have to take some money out
dont get caugh up in lies
dont make them feel guilt
i cant mirror this with her
you dont treat your sons like this. 
you dont treat your daughters like this
Life
Life is about the struggle to find the sufficient reason to live
Life is about the struggle to find the difficult reason to live
the highest reason (different thought)
in god is that the way ends
thoughts can be 
ill bash movies with political content
dont stain with your politics, my art
i decide to be its vehicle
i choose every word i write. not every image i see, or what word i first remember, but (...)
you can always do something good with your writing 
its called stream of consciousness
see where it guides you
i know i dreamt about the spirit. and someone mad because a neighbour from the building opens the main door with no clothes on
now im seeing the series
the only way out, is through
maybe it is about her. men dont need redemption
men mars
women venus
forget gurus, follow plants
en una conversacion, priorizo la conversacion a los datos; que tan ciertos son, en una conversacion, no es importante. 
he vouched for me
or so did i think
let them tell you things
moderate every habit
you unlock every part of you by going through it
was he sincere about it all
didnt matter
it was a conversation with himself
i can already do my purpose
the truth was nowhere near it
el conocimiento solo se entiende sobre su negativa (su falta de sentido). o tiene sentido o no lo tiene
hermetismo
she losed her patience easily while we wanted to explain
you believe shes being sincere, but shes not being. from one conversation, 1000 truths and 1 lie
mushroom sessions
how long until they noticed
you tell yourself maybe this is what life had for you
maybe you believe that reality is, for some, more generous. that is fortune and that is true. some are more fortunate than others, but we all suffer equally. 
la justicia social es justa en ojos de quien
they know we have to go through it
and they use it against us
there is a history of collective shamed that is being thrown over from one side to the other
if right now is good, enjoy the right now
see what your calling is capable of taking you
so far its been dangerous, but so was doing nothing, and this seems to be good both for me and others
2309
.
a battle between a wasp and a spider, and there comes the broom
i write poetry
i may be judged by my actions
el liberalismo es lo correcto mas alla de que me guste o no lo que contrae. o lo que conlleva. lo que implica. lo que esta implicito
“en la dictadura a personas como ustedes las habrian matado”
who are you quoting
daemon pushes knowledge further
jamas les haria eso a quienes no conozco
para conocer/know
knowing is a before and after an encounter
el liberalismo es lo correcto porque las dudas ahora son iguales para todos y no hay viejas instituciones declarando certezas
only knowing the antichrist you become christ
thoughts start getting interesting after the first frew hundrer pages
theres a path to walk
the path of truth
to walk alone
give the best descriptions of your insights
my friends always were the outlaws. the ones that couldnt comply
people can be both their worst and their best only if they are conflicted about doing the good thing
its easy to blame your parents for your retarded development. mostly because you are right. but its not the only factor. there were emotions involved. not necessarily starting from a bad place
birds flying around me
did you need it?
you cant say that everything that happens is necessary
there is a walk to walk
there is a path to walk
theyll try to eat you up
the stairs sounded, 
i didnt know who was coming
i wasnt scared, just expectating
i noticed
but didnt hear or saw
nothing but a shadow
and there she was
mother
im only making sense to myself
she thinks she may find me dead one day
she bought the narrative
they are talking to me “the addict”
the screen is scratched
so what
you dont have to wear em
just let me be
el tiempo no se mueve en unidades medibles sino en significado. el mas sabio es tambien el mas viejo
the great spirit
im a creative i dont live with an empty mind. i cant.
no one will take away my love for eckhart tolle
i dont want a bed, i want a mattress on the floor
allergies, for fucks sake
no es que la escuchan los franceses, es que la escucha el frances que ella conoce
the sun is not going to kill you
they were may cold to endure
people dont like secrets kept from them
everyone has secrets
weve all been into the dark night of the soul
jesus too was confused
he was wise from a young age
is there something special about jesus that wasnt about socrates?
wasnt socrates god made flesh as well?
arent christians all becoming the christ?
jesus never sinned, thats the argument
jesus was born again, coming back alive after three days. thats another argument
a tree we dont want to cut, even though we know their roots are rotten
we are all like trees. we all have roots, more or less rotten
make them do what they want to do
una cosa no quieta la otra
a novel is what would it be to hear a conversation between me and myself
i know now christ consciousness, because i now know what to do to help. give people a break
because theres always you behind it all. beyond and above
we are united under one name
that makes something
you can use what serves you from your purspose
religious teachings have a purpose
ill have rest when im dead
so long ill live
all the downsides are for misuse. elon musk is my brother. he wants the best from tehe world
the black book abosrbs everyones light
everyone’s light is in this book, through my mind
a la mente la pintas como vos quieras
uno es el personaje de sus propios cuentos
the forced righteous wont leave margin for the chaotic
the chaotic is necessary to not remain static
we too are everevolving
they thought evolution was wrong because it would contraddict their idea of the eternal
m not just receiving the insights. im participating in its creation
i choose how realistic the representation is
reclamar tu derecho a piso es tu derecho a estar solo aun estando con otros
solo soy yo y la libertad
no soy dueño de ninguna de las frases que digo
what i know, they dont know it with my words
horror games and stories. i have a black Cat for that. Smoking
los escritores se rodeaban de gatos porque alrededor suyo le daban inspiracion
I cable a Tierra
interpretar lo que algo significa
puedo pensar que soy yo actuando lo que algo significa
esta buena la musica
hallucinations are semi-real
they exist only in the mind
vos podes bajar data de cualquier arquetipo. vos podes meditar sobre cualquier cosa
socrates was a person living his own life
its just a big magic trick
you can edit the words whatever
nietzsche could edited his notes. more to the original
estamos
in the edit theres (“a” tachada)the joke!!?
WTF
you cant be sucked into one side of you
yo solo pienso y escribo
i look and act crazy and like a fool
vos le decis a dos gatos que dejen de pelearse y paran pero antes se pegan unos puñetes mas
i dont know if life is about being one said from another
dont move too fast
im acting crazy shit. i just realise
lo que no es, es gracioso
dont do nothing you dont want to do
the idea of becoming such the person in your mind
cats, if you dont give them attention the (...)
love is the force that just unites. with pure observation
you kick your own parents out, then integrated. the great monster. the sacred words of others
you abolish the sacred war of others
hes fighting a battle i too want to fight
it is a peacefull battle and a peacful way. a peaceful pursuit
they think im suicidal
they read between the lines
maybe she told on me
the black sheep
i thought i was, then they too believed i was
but i wasnt, until much later
they think its in my nature to be suicidal
maybe thats it
its on the genes
the crazy people
the ones with anxiety not depression
“when i confessed, she already knew, thats why she didnt say anything”
i want to be at peace at home, knowing no one will come 
no one that im not expecting
en fotos blanco y negro donde esta el bronceado
i didnt tell no one to do anything
every aspect of life you can intent. creative, healthier possibilities
“ella es ella, yo soy yo” y que tiene


exagerated dependency
an eternal feel good tendency
an element of ownership
scoreboard mentality
love highly conditional
in their love they dont acknowldge your freedom
in true love we value freedom
sense of cortesy
decisions
authenticity
trust and trustworthiness
trustworthiness is proof of love
the better alternative
theres never a satisfying answer to it
los padres (simbolo) no permiten el general desde lo particular
are all in a healthy (...)
i am hard as i am cold
we slept at last
the karmic dream is confusing as fuck. dont go crazy on shit. refine yourself
communicate only to their words
contemplation and action for the ancient were the same thing
i already went through that process of being the drunk drummer with aeros
empezamos en avioneta
for the catholics is more important the total joy
we all have a left wing thats akward
why are you akward to yourself
you learn so you have something  new
novelty happens as well in the mind
i dont see total joy para habalr. no se les estan quedando viejas las palabras?
que se te queden con las palabras
i wont surrender to myself nor do what you tell me. im going to think
theres a (...)
pescar la idea es como si lo hicieras
i go so random so i cant get unity
the gift can already brought to those that have suffered
every idea is like a big magic trick
random is to find the commonality in random
lo que tiene de diferent es que lo que tienen mis palabras es verdad. hablo con la verdad. entienden la verdad.
act like a fool whos not ashamed of himself. then be ashamed. the fool (a)
whos judaic (?)
the fool is the startpoint and the last point
yo solo hablo a lo que creo que se referian
lo que tenia que fumarse escohotado por ser academico. respeto sus decisiones y le veo el goce, pero no lo haria
por que los necesito a ustedes para hacer yo las cosas bien
we only think self centered. te question of father/son can be taken from
many had to see my worst. not apologizing, but i was a fool
the wise act like fools
los padres te separan de tus amigos. me llevaban a dormir a lo de amigos diferentes. iba de a una sola vez
camaradery is what we had
la gente cansada de uno se comporta diferente
la cabeza pareec que pesara, pero no pesa. 
so you do what you can with what you have. 
i found in randomness the only thing ive had in common
es como que te das cuenta de las mismas cosas una y otra vez
el terno retorno
theres a relation to others back to back, shoulder to shoulder, front to front
two can be opposites, or can be facing each other, or one could be on top of another
“si yo quisiera, podria…” es muy peligroso
say so much shit that eventualy some of the things you say are true and deep. insightful
cada vez que te preguntan cual es el switch tenes que pensar de nuevo
random shit makes you one
i dont want to record this just enjoy it writing. parrots around in the trees; me in a bench, seeing the shadow casted by the hamaca paraguaya
kingdoms just make known one culture
vision. we all have it. with the virtues weve had
weed weants to pull you in, and you wont let it
fresco el pana
manso es poco
them  noticing you wanted to go somewhere else. only wanting to be less alone
i was a collector of random shit
gold is for both chains and collectors
you don’t be
im doing it in my way because why the fuck not
ive always meditated
vibora
en el medio no hay extremos de bizarrez
no se vive en los extremos.
weve been fools this whole time
the daily wire is on war with wokeism
the right too has great mediatic power
los puñetes me hicieron ver mas mi cara
ive acted saint and demonic. chill and altered. tense and relaxed
you dont let people relax and blame them for it
what i do is a matter of language
write things related to the subjects
they have not been themselves lately
dream how it could be in a random place. a loop
dont give things unnecessary attention
im a fever in your chest
the burning sun im west
you pay with your attention
i was writing the black book and realised each one has its own, even if they havent yet realised
im just an artist
because i creatively constructed
me, tani, Rr, strymkrs
we all are storymakers. those who realise it and those who dont
what things they did with their power is important
each memory is now like a dream i have access to. everything is new in the mind
everything happens now and here, so every instant as it renews, it renews as well the mind
re inquieto
medio autista
ashamed and little, you belittle others
the power of trauma
it can change your view. obscure it
i connect to that energy if i want
you pay her attention only for her to ignore you
i can write from any perspective
the sun burns
la marihuana te centra mas en tu propio universo
self centered and psychotic, you discover a few things about the mind
singlehandlely change the world
you pay her attention only for her to ignore you
i can write from any perspective
the sun burns
la marihuana te centra mas en tu propio universo
this are my footnotes
ill have them around for when we podcast
why the smarts are like robots?
i can move with my emotions around people that are emotionaly abusive
los docentes se comunican de forma extraña con la gente
podes proyectar un miedo a proposito o sin querer
a ellos les gusta eso de tapar asi no los ven
mosquito bite is carrying away the sensation
i dont produce the light. i see it. but seeing is half real half suggestion
yesterday i thought it was unbearable, today im well rested, well fed, and at peace with myself and my destiny
i hope they open their eyes before doing something terrible theyll truly and forever regret
maybe they are now more free
los juegos me dejaban meditativo, me cruzaban los ojos
whenever im not needed to say antything, i wont say anything
mistakes are accumulative
i need nothing, just stop intervining in my body
fearing that your fears come true makes your fears come true
too much sunlight. am i vampire?
jesus came from the dead
ive got to come to terms with myself of the past
no sabes si hablan o se dirigen a vos personalmente
la ropa vieja me ayuda a no olvidarme quien soy
im the king of the universe because i am its nucleus and without me it wouldnt exist
nothing exists without me
they always address you indirectly
she united with a therapist so she could make sense on how to approach me and win this battle
it has nothing to do with her improvement or mental health
cuando tarareas sabes que estas cantando adentro
cosas viejas son cosas del pasado
i have to continue tracking my identity
me grew up adventurous
she believed i was a fucking degenerate
she didnt forgive us for our sins
patriarchal forces ->protect, order
matriarchal forces ->nature, nurture
i talk with barely no effort
the matrix had to be there before the active. the pasive is its complementary opposite. it is not less
it could be one way or another but the perfect equilibrium is equally male and female, pasive and aggressive
i was the fucked up kid, dont know if by or not by choice
i am made of choices that i make
have you ever truly sincerely tried?
he had no self expression, just tried to aliviate his compulsion
he didnt know that in the expression of self was all that what (s)he desired
they didnt approve of me
the smoking, the friends, the clothes, the music, the nights out
metalheads are giving order to higher chaos
i send her a blessing
we are not falling for those stupid games
one day, the mask came out
they didnt want us rumiating their stuff
theres white and black magick
its as if his spirit possessed her
spare your time
you adquire consciousness
fuck you i wont do what you tell me
i truly didnt care about stigma. its one of the first things that i thought
i have early and earlier thoughts
she doesnt want to address the subject
she only talks about what she wants to talk about
every conversation with her from now on will be recorded
slamming a door wont change me
the ideal is to walk in every music with your true voice
the left pushed sometimes too far
sensitive to subtleties
horrible to be in the mind of this people
how to cast out a demon
you start love by sending them a blessing
you manifest the things you want to construct
hacer buena letra no es lo mio ni me interesa
she doesnt pay attention to what i like, dos and donts, so she dont know shit about me yet pretends to know me inside out.
she doesnt know what an unconditional self is
she dont know individuation
she condemns individuation
weird that you cant trust the intentions of your closests
in reality, i dont believe. within, i do believe
as within so without. porque son la misma cosa
i didnt mention anything
lo digo por ellos tambien
hard truths are easy to swallow
la septima victima taught me a parent could perfectly not love its child
julio ha desaparecido
it is all an it since its all words. God is an It.
It.
how deeply can you strengthen the magic
the writings could be as vast as the authors imaginations
i dont even care about the constant violation of trust
nor do i care now, that i discovered i have nothing to hide
this is me making sense of myself. you dont have to read it. you dont have to understand it. i dont have to explain it. just let me be
just be and let be
being is not doing
being is being
i couldnt see straight. i thought that things that were right, werent, and things that were wrong, werent. but there is a middle
i was always a thinker. they pushed words within us
thinkers think, not feel. feelers feel
all processes are independent
the earliest marks cannot change
always against the current. why is that
where are all the punk thinkers
how literal are we. not at all yet all at all
en el poder de la lengua esta la muerte y la vida
its all true in some sense, but you are the creative power
i have an army behind me, and i trust it
the path is a spiritual one
you either fully embrace your act or it (...) will devour you
sensing. judging. the ways we process data
existencia en el centro de la question. que es de por si un misterio.
she wanted to be present whenever we talked about her. 
putting grandma on phone and pretending not to be there so she could hear us talk about her and use it against us
really? can you blame me?
all billions humans cant be stupid
the intelligence is not yours, it is there for you to get. it was before you and will forever be
i tell others to think. i tell myself to think
me visto con ropa barata porque de chico hacian chistes con lo caro que tenia el ojo
always saying i had an eye for the expensive
they pushed me down even in my likings
i will give a fair criticism.
im no saint
neither are them
my uncles never judged me
whos spiritually evolved? he who moves in singularity; unity; particular
el bienestar se presenta por la gracia de una forma magica
shrôdinger, que es la vida?
i remember the time ive been fixing a bank and my teacher caught my attention
i wanted to fix something that was broken
in then one place where the pit was, i wanted to sat down
get a conscious grasp of the things you can do with your mind
they did everything so i wouldnt turn out mongoloid. like a prisoner
do words need any respect? words are there to be said. when the only communication is from you to yourself
ill discuss the way out of your belief
this is the era of psychoanalysing our own parents
you can only talk about recent past with a sense of causality
yet the whole history builds on previous blocks
you have to be enlightened to be psychoanalist
they politically raised freud over jung
jung has remained as the occult. no one knows him
no tiene nada que ver una cosa con la otra
submit, so they let you pass
id know exactly how to do it
you come to recognize your face with what you do
reconcile your face with your past
a sexual union between your face recognition and your act/contemplation
the past is a body signal, not a mental one
mental signals are apart. theres judgement, and theres emotion.
fix your judgement by fixing your emotion. neutralizing them.
you are most bodies there and you own them all
as every empire, it started with a fire
hay cosas que tenes que entender desde la experiencia
jbp. a father to us all. lost souls. he looked at the suicide rates
fuck off, the energy with you becomes monotonous
therea re multiple variables to know how a country is doing
killing the compulsion
when you set the game, we are both playing the game
choose the games you want to play
ive managed to fix my beliefs with sufficient reason
i want to explain so they dont leave with the wrong reasons. so they are not mislead.
they have already been mislead.
lo que faltan son maestros.
christ consciousness
i may never know about others, pero saco la cuenta
this book is for me to myself
i meditate on how to be a better teacher. how i would, nex time, explain it better
I saw her face of panic when she realised the drawer was empty
she can talk being emotionally involved and then plot her next move, all in one interaction
they only seek to feel good
i would always, next time, try to explain it better. thats proof of our creative power and the lack of credibility of the written words
ya entramos todos en la discusion. estamos en internet. todos tenemos voz.
it looks that this world doesnt care about our freedom
parece que estoy loco pero si sigo hablando se dan cuenta de que tiene sentido
no creo tener la razon, mas una razon
lo que para vos tiene sentido, para la realidad tiene sentido. tu realidad se forma de razones. argumento y sentido. para ver las cosas como son. 
lo que no sea para vos siempre sera tu sombra
when you use it, the mind tickles
im gonna trust the old teachers rather than the new
he abused his tickles ram das and went straight to heaven. he said it himself
to talk with them i talk into the mind
why would i pay any attention to me if its not about me. i wouldnt put the focus on my clothes. and i dont. but i sometimes play the game. on my own.
truth is not about me
or i enjoy it, or i wont do it
everythat mathematic will make sense in any language
language is mathematic
i can get sucked in by my mind when i consciously spend my time focusing on things
i dont tell you how to write the book
hay mucha gente muy inteligente, igual o mas que yo
le dije cosas que necesitaba escuchar, pero que yo en verdad queria decir
le dije cosas que necesitaba escuchar, pero que yo en verdad creia
you would not do it for your dick alone 
(((((realization)))))
like drops of gold
the golden rain. insight after insight
everything particular is mythical.
everything general is true.
time alone to sober, lucid
what do you expect to find
they believe im manipulating them
they dont judge me by my intentions nor by my actions, nor by my philosophy
they judge me by their presumptions
who knows what effect will this have on me
can they break my mind forever with medicine and bad pressure?
he believes hes now saved
he will relapse
because you cant not to once you see things like that. 
“oh im in the path of the righteous now”
“oh im a disgusting human being” 
you say one thing one day, the opposite the next day
i wont forget the reality that they judge the most
they believe to know everything
i look at the general to desmitify myself
plato of socrates only passed on the secret
puedo erizarle la piel a alguien
yo se todo
mis mitos personales y mis realidades eternas, que cambian cada instante, en tanto en cuanto (...)
no need to write every realisation
nosotros somos el heroe de las mil caras
es un papel a interpretar. actuar con heroismo
me rehuso a parrafos mas largos que una sentence
i can be back into my mind
the sun should hit your eye, while you look away
they dont believe our friends are worth shit
i enjoy more one on one interactions
i never thought about how others saw me
i only thought of myself from an outside perspective but checking only in reality
their emotional and physical needs are inextricably linked
taurus. 
people in your generation are redifining ambition
dont let anyone else pressure you to seclude yourself
you have a need to be wholesome
your intense tenacious drive comes off as intimidating and powerful if not malicious or aggressive
romantic side idealistic af
struggle with being overly detached
passionate, intense, serious, private, self-obsessed and perceptive
he saw me like that and thought he had no responsibility
he was an observer even when he shouldnt have been
you cant see someone destroying another one and not intervene
even less when you know what its about
pity for the devil
i learn how to not think and go back to work. our attention should always be scattered
with just one eye, you experience one side of life
they opened portals for us, portals of horror
traumas are portals of horror. embedded forever in your psyche. you might as well integrate them, since they are already there
you can know what im writting but not what goes through my mind
im just mirroring myself
i just find that very funny
i didnt/realised i was never doing my will
no hacer es tambien un acto
do not respond to attacks
Robert Burns
the story was constructing itself
its just dreams and not dreams
van a comer afuera y hablan de la atencion. son señores y criticos
i felt physically ill for having to think things like this
you dont need life. life owns you. you couldnt die without it
you cand die without your body. prepare yourself to death
yo construyo mi historia mientras voy
iban a la pieza a gritarme sin razon
no importa si te estoy cagando un bolazo. yo creo en las coas que digo
me pregunte: “si quiera construir un dios como lo haria?”, y me di cuenta
te dicen no aclares que oscurece. pero yo si quiero aclarar
el poder para la gente
no se puede hablar poqrue no son transparentes con sus creencias
amor es no interferir. amor es un acto de libertad. no hacer tambien es un acto
these are all old trips long overcome
no matter how strong the images you hold
the paths you transit are the ones you think about
los patrones cambian
no podes deshacerte de tus pensamientos
be careful with the words ive used
dont look at a window through a glass
what kinds of trips you want to swing in
many things i regret, most is not being careful
con el sol nos asustaban. con el frio nos asustaban. con el agua nos asustaban.
storms and fightst and we chill as fuck in all that chaos
i just talk about myself if someone asks
dont act it out. creatively be.
i know how they may look for the ones inside
aunque a veces no te acordes que podes, vos sabes que podes
regret is a lot like not wanting to do them. but how else can you know you dont want to do them
regret is wishing you wouldnt have done it
but what purpose does it serve
estoy totalmente dispuesto
all minds function the same way
commies dont have specific rules. theres no war other than the one inside
god plays the artist is a 0
i sacrifice my own safety for freedom
theres some pride in the self destructive attitude for how it came out. the limits are too subtle
two siamese
i am charming
i think it would have been rational if i would have believe that
lo transgresor se va para el otro lado
only coming in to blame you
its hard to live in the magic world(universe) of a sick person
you can shift your own head 360
ill wake up whichever i want
just practicing my words
world is the world of words we live in. i live in my world, you live in yours
didnt want no cellphones, they fed us cellphones