youll never know what was written first
estamos pasando por un trauma colectivo
usaban las historias de sacrificio para hacernos sufrir
the diifference is that now i have to work for pure feelings
a symbol is a union between water and oil
where reality meets consciousness
psychedelics
clinical success is the final test
peace, truth, brotherhood
repair the world with your own hands
the house of david/the tribe of joseph
when he arrive we will know that it is him
i want no cult 
the true self is all causality
world empire, absolute sovereign power
trabajo con tracks completos en un bpm fijo asi es mas rapida la edicion, re-version y produccion de canciones
i dont know where god ends and i start. because im god
whats part of, is 
what you seek is seeking you
put up some clean clothes
he wasnt a good priest mistaking a demon for an angel
angels dont have the looks the populus claim to have. no beauty in them. strange figures and scary at sight
why is it as im waiting for it to kick in? my subconsiouss is there for me whenever i want to
the sacred as all that’s already there for my contemplation
everything is an oracle
extremely high priestess as only highest intuition
you can never know what a writer believes, not even suggest
i talik about things im not sure i belive in, i write about it because i want to. 
que me siga el que quiera
university teaches one universe
or the universe according to
when symbol becvomes a lens
you dont need empirical evidence for god because you would not find it
a cosmic power gets the ant to move and go on its own
see nature and see the intelligence of what drives all
how many unnumbered individual lives
tengo que hacer a otros participar
i want to think about them that way
paper a piece of a true to the ancient transmission of knowledge
blow the pipe like a trumpet, when its time
once someone expain truth to you, you realise it wasnt so complicated, and that i could do it
miondshifts are so frequent, yet we question if it is belief what drives us
once you see it, you can’t unsee it
mindshifts are so frequent yet we question if its possible for people to change
want to change? change beliefs so you change habits
you change your beliefs getting closer to truth
what is the nature of god we can discuss, not if it exists
arrogance won’t let you believe in a creator prior to all
all values exist in relation to god
the supreme power
the great spirit
the great Self
“is it broad enough?” that’s where i like to dig
the subject of evil is the first one
who cares what happens around you as long as you can choose
if they wont let you choose, then it is restraint
goodness, suffering
look at other people
the dont emphasize enough that part of the “free will” that jesus talked so much about
why do we choose the importance of words
all words are equal
evil and good turned into magical idealism
your will is free
if you see that someone has a way
it is all real but reality has no weight
reality has no weight. yet, what happens?
drive like
were the pieces there for me to pick up?
it’s life orchestrated against me? no, i am creating it
words are not just words
ridiculizandolo, no lo voy a cambiar
humillandolo, no lo voy a cambiar
parents hate a child more clever than them
lo implicito esta en las palabras, no importa cual sea la realidad
la bibilia es una obra de teatro. te la canto aca
tengo el poder de encadenar dos pensamientos
solo espiritu y cadenas
you can only be the light that breaks the chain
i specialized in the mastery of thinking
no matter how reality is, i understand it now
i’m sane through the whole process. the question is: are you willing to forgive yourself?
me doy cuenta de que soy bilingue
soy dios pero tambien soy persona
elijo creermelo (mitologicamente)
believe your own myths, you won’t stop being yourself nor any of your personas
how can you compartimentalize a mind
psychologists and psychriatsts make more harm than good
a spirit so big, i won’t be distrubed
god speaks strictly to you but to all equally
god has to be communicated
god is the nothingness that exists
it is a strong word for something uncreated: existence
only the created can exist
the un uncreated is pre existence
why do we come to exist.
all subjects are interchangeable. so why live? for your creative power
this is
subirse a los hombros de gigantes
gigantes se hacen, no se nacen
if its too much i can always come back. ive been a greek god. ive been a man in the woods. ive been reading, hearing, matching
maybe it went a bit too far
if it feels like a dream it’s because it’s supposed to. listen to what the others have said. those are all the other sources
you can always idenitfy with something that happened to you
chill. you just have to remember that you are here as well as other giant gods that do not know their purpose
no doctrines, no rules. common sense
there is always a common sense even when we dont know which one is it
“its like its staring at me” said that who feared himself
im nor crazy nor stupid. i can look at an ant with compassion or just crush it
like last times is composed the present
get out of the escence
find that words. remember
heaven and hell dont ruly represent
its just copes and roots
remember that you do enjoy the silence. being aware of the wind and the flies and the ants and the birds and the motos en la costanera
te salto con cualquiera porque algo me distrae
puedo hacer de dos pensamientos uno
dont let your thoughts guide you. guide them
im a son of my fatehr and you are a son of your father. but, every subject ins interchangeable. so you are also the father if you believe in him. this communion between heaven and earth what a symbol does. a sexual union. pierce the veil
the last giant
i can creatively find a way to enjoy her company
i just need to find ways to enjoy her company
mi relacion con ellas es tan buena como me dejan hacerlas
jung was right. jordan is right
we need academy in our religious texts
of course new age religion was going to come on this new age
the golden age of grotesque
no todo el mundo entiende lo que es el flo
como sin interpretaras la naturaleza.i see the universe in a cup of coffee. then i laugh
im proving myself with my texts. i do not need to pay for my words with my flesh
i have the logos of christ
lets see what ram dass says
there are things i still find humorous
tardan muchos anios los pajeros pero porque en el medio siempre escriben otras cosas
i have the logos of christ, but everyone can
the greatest god you can believe, you are
his situation was far from ideal
this is what the universe is to me
primero una persona pide explicaciones
catholicism is limitan belief
i listen to music all the time in my mind but the one that i want
dont enclose meaning
not npcs. other gods.
other god
we are all the other god
ive had hallucination
con las palabras los atiendo
fantasy conversation
no shadow/no substance
attitude of laughing about oneself
always contemplate the shadow
you can only fool yourself about the origin
no sabemos nuestro origen
“ive had enough of that” cj
make it a tonic. jbp
that thing that is
maya. ilussion. it sucks you in
all the psychological effects transcurr as well in sobriety
dont back out freom it
my writings are my own reminders for my self of the future
i carry my knowledge to the other side
contemplate death
what makes you humorous makes you human
i love tradition
a bit of this and a bit of that because this is not academics
anaconda one of the scariest movies
en los simbolos una cosa es la otra
te pintan el mundo del reves para despertarte
shadow work can lock you up
all words are interchangeable
jesus was a philosopehr of free will. emphasize this
les dedico un saludo en mis escritos a quienes hablen de mi
esta es la maldicion. te nombro, te tengo para siempre
who owns my name instad of me
its already there. own it. it dont belong to him, her or nobody. it belongs to i
surgio la necesidad de comunicar
el control es local, no es global
es tu propio gobbierno metiendote miedo y llamandole verdad
hice si, entrenamiento de mantenimiento. una vezz a la semana. dejen tambien como 3 o 4 o 5 o capaz mas. pero sigo con la misma fuerza 
i am One
anointed is anointed with the cosmic realm. substance in a realm of
position of the authority
the house of david
contact with the dead is tradition
there are stupid people of all religions
the realm of the dead. tradition. 
tradition, what the dead left us
they believe we need to mourn them. im listening to a rabine (rabbi)
we need the harmony of the three parts
i wont worship no men
they believe in books made by men as if they were higher than god
you are no judge, though you claim to be
grabo las partidas con mis amigos
deliverers
plural or singular. they fight over what someone else said
own your internet persona
socrates did not quote no one
“the peasants”
when you come in you expect everything to be tuned up already
dont just tune in. vibrate
vibration. resonation
what vibrates resonates
know how to read a room
it all fits together
do not express your self with adjectives
noise can become harmony
noise harmonizes with order
there is harmony in higher levels of chaos
passages are a symphony
worldwide knowledge of god
i have to prove myself
they want us to mourn over jerusalem
encima la musica una verga. la que estaba al final
muchas marionetas
nada va a manipular mi atencion
maria emilia. la referencia de todo lo que estaba bien
she didnt see the good in us
she drops a good comment when its convenient
she wanted to crush us. she hated us
every subject is interchangeable
i wont ever talk for others (i cant even if i wanted to)
own the words that come out of your mouth
33 vertebral
1+2+3+9+9+9
agrupar las particulares en un nuevo particular que ahora signifique las dos cosas
por que sera que no me puedo aguantar las cosquillas de una mosca
ill catch a fly
bugs die before transmiting
los manuales son especificos de las cosas
we come with no manual
de religion politica y de ciencia
las viejas religiones no se sostienen
anything obligued is a negative experience
si no lo pensas nunca ves el patron
tiene que ser escritor quien este contra de todo
disciplina. la capacidad de hacerme hacer cosas
“ese es el dato que a mi la realidad me mostro”
la vida es renunciar a todo para una cosa
la vida es suspender la muerte
a ver quien tiene el sueno mas grande
why would you actively pursue going against self and existence
wait till you die, the lesser evil. el esfuerzo justo
apply in life only the force necessary
you dont do worse because theres no necessity
quiero ser librero. entonces soy
“flota logistica”
construir una empresa es moldear una cultura
inteligente pero no sabio ni carismatico ni entretenido. miembro de mesa. legalista
time
tune up. they are already here
la logica y la razon estan hiperdesarrolladas
mas sabiduria
libre. librero
books are door to freedom
libros contienen informacion ordenada y detallada acerca de un solo punto
no hay libertad sin libros
they couldn’t kill all libraries
in war, attack their form of knowledge
i would like her to speak her philosophy
it is fine that it happened
what she lacked were social skills
gracias a vos amigo
rompantodo
philoaopihia a naruillazos
my mistakes are my guidnace
if i make mistakes it meanst that my mind doesnt make them
my mind is spot on
my body is not spot on
but i do move it
S-¡-L-E-N-C-E-!
V-¡-O-L-E-N-C-E-!
my unconscious says everything to me
we know much more about psychology than we did before
every day, our solutions evolve, even though the world seems to only want to talk about the shitty things
tell the truth, adults of the world
Still the songs remain the same
you dont remember everything at all
in the everchanging course
i would play out of tune
separate likes
strawberry suicide
you were occupied by someone that i know you know you know you know you know
the sun remains the same
salts in a sugar bowl
i dont qualify as insane because i can 
those who suffer anxiety 
not only gays come out
they are breaking our hearts one last time
i know as well I'm going to regret every time i rejected her
i do not enjoy rejecting her but i never will
su humor es la ironia porque no entienden del amor
H-U-M-O-R
H-A-M-O-R
One is human, the other one is godly
sent by god just metaphorically
people will believe every sentence and that is what panics me
many people do not know what writing is about
but.. 
go back to sleep
trickery is the way of the philosopher because of the ways in which he 
people fail me, is not that i do not compromise
“i wont live to your standards”
i left that clear
i own everything i say
if im being judged, theyll use everything about me
they present themselves as the solution to many people that had the same problem
they didnt want to be that way
every subject is unterchangeable
anger will keep coming out
but only as rafagas
i do not wish to be angry all the time
am i brainwashing people into violence?
if you believe my philosophy believe it hermetically, if not create your own
you can even makek music with a typewriter
thank you
i should just change the order of the ones that go together
poetry is about finding music
as jazz is
jazz musicians arent there just reading tablatures
dont get agitated if too excited, theres no need
a simple smile will cover it
they exagerate the reactions they had when excited
im analytical of everything i do, its not that i know what im doing but who does
who claims to do
its futbol
i wasnt like the other kids
.
i was shy
didnt have enough friends
but i didnt know it
i was sent to therapy for it
i was pushed towards depression for it
.
but i did have depression
and the way they treated me was making me miserable and powerless and small, but i was small. what does happen when one grows up? with all the anger. 
i like him better when he speaks because he does so for himself
sometimes i just get frustrated for not knowing how to 
she corrected the way i used the pc
she took the fun and love out of everything
you do not want to be that person but neither does he/she (them)
them is he = she
2 already make a plural
filosofia a martillazos
te rompes la cabeza aprendiendo nuevas cosas
y te das cringe
i was certainly not antisocial
i wanted to socialize and i pushed forward
a stranger complemented me for my bravery, so i pursued that
i was more interested in what strangers thought of me, than what my family thought of me
the people that are miserable are 
i showed her.
i grabbed the cat, i kissed him, stretched him. held him. but he said no and i left him. 
listen to one side or the other. speaker on the write, then on the leftide 
sound is 2d guido, not 3d
we sound hearers are expanding our universe in invisible representations
you dont need to turn off the volume to be all comfy inside
i just saw everyone had a shitty childhood
it wasnt too late before i learnt the pattern
what was i expecting
why was i expecting something different
they only say the bad things
if you talk badly about others, it has to be something useful
entiendo lo que intentas hacer
se lo dije
y lo entendio
no le hable enojado, y no respondio ofendida
eso es lo que hacen las personas explosivas
como si no hubieramos tenido charlas antes
puede enojarse y echarle a uno las cosas en cara
o frustrarse y hable con una persona de la que despues me va a llegar informacion
no le cuentes mas nada a la abuela
aprende a hablar sin tener que estar filtrando
no es que no tengas nada interesante para decir, es que no te pones a pensarlo
nunca habia pensado mucho en la figura de maria, no era mi favorita. no me representaba. si yo era un niño. the man with a thousand looks. it is fine that we dont compromise with anything
they try to make us come out to be transparent
but they dont know exactly who “us” is.  it is them(he/him(atleast)) as well
they dont feel included in humanity
they dont feel included in the humanity
one is a war of material
the other one is a motherly war
she thinks shes the one that will redeem the motherly victim, but she died already
as did the queen
no one is excempt from death
materially and metaphoricaly
you will be forgotten or just remember by some as the brother of. 
you just didnt have meaningful relationship
she didnt want me to be shy
and push me so much
so into the edge
she broke me 
you are killed by the ones that love you the most
let it kill you
own it
own your future
amor fati
we are condemned to be free
because we are responsible for it
as soon as we know of it
no one will know how 
they wanted to prevent me from suffering so they killed me
they put me in the attic, then put me on the last room of earth
you will as well be relieved
you will no longer hurt them
i surely cant understand the point of my mirrored. if not it wouldnt be my mirror, it would be me. 
people analyzing philosophers arent philosophers, just philosophy analyzers. 
we all have those same thought processes (describing what we perceive, inner or outer). 
“im just thinking”
i see a mirror and a glass
as if it was a mirror
to write i want weed
i want mate
i want the hypnagogic 
but i also want the energy
do not waste energy valuable for doing the things you love the most
learn to love what you do so it doesnt take any effort
they know it all about you
take it into account
his name was jonah it was the best friend i ever had
i remember his rifle, and his diploma
he was a loner but
the radio said he was going to be the king of the world
and characters from across the globe repersent you
i remember his rifle, and his diploma
you dont stop reality. it is two d.
dont be so obsessive
dont get too nervous
you dont
i like jazz because of its dynamics
i like major parkinson a lot 
ill follow you on this journey of redemption
i love you
i represent me in you the way i do no other
representations of yourself in others
one that can comprehend you
i know my grandfather comprehended me
i knew my mother didnt
but shes slowly starting to see it
i wont ceder in this silent war
you are in silent war against everyone
shes much better now
.
hold it if you are peeing
There's 1nothing to be excited about
hold it like a pelvic king
narcoleptic
addicted to the lack of sleep
everyone sleeps as much as they want
you need to rest
your head
stop it
you consume too much trash
but you needed to know. now you know
.
you sat in the corner and i sat in the table 
she didnt say a thing about it
the sun was over my head and i open the window so the cat would come out
i had to build my reputation
i was already deserted
i know what it means
40 years in the desert
no one would want them
everyone would reject them
my reputation was ruined at a young age
but i didnt let it define me, or so i didnt want it
i write every dream because im a being in constant evolution
i ask and i ask what 
they arrested him just because he couldnt articulate
they couldnt see clearly
they didnt trust their peripherics
what do you want to see so much, just pee in the dark and see what makes it to the toilet
manotazos de ahogado
but im not drowning
im on earth, here and now, and using metaphores for everything
“you dont know what you are doing but ill endure it”
i now love the keryboard of my computer
it was just typing symbols and shit like that that decomposed me
it wasnt not the delte nor the enter
i was faster before
its not that tyou degenerate because you grow up
dont believe that shit
you manipulate the body more
you own it more
you know what you consciously surrender too
everyone reads what i write but know what i mean
dale el gallo a esculapio
socrates tenia un gallo
el gallo se lo queria dejar a esculapio
le habra llegado el gallo a esculapio
lo que socrates nos dice es que le den el gallo a esculapio
es un acto de generosidad
hasta su utimo instante vivo estuvo presente y sin pensar, hasta que de urgencia recordo algo
filosofos viven en una eterna carrera por la verdad
siempre dramaticos, siempre recordando de urgencia nuevas cosas
lo que nos hace creer que sabemos las cosas desde antes
es como que si siempre hubiesemos sabido las cosas que despues estendemos
pero no, no las sabia
creias que ibas a ser especial, pero hasta que no lo fuiste no 
i do this because i love her 
i dont write because i think, 
i write despise of it
i write it because i cant hold it, 
not because i want to
mind is not what you see but what you can comprehend from it
just understood
shell change love in the world
he desired the woman he loved so much as to believing she was going to be able to create that
what arrogance does it take, and what cruelty
the reason people do things is to change others
just breathe
let them think
guide
do not interrupt
en tus flores hoy encuentro esa paz qu hoy no encuentro esa paz
unoss buenos flashes nacho anton
people have unrealistic expectations of 
smother
daughter
let the music be as loud as you want it to mix
but your mind is lower or higher
your mind is lesser or more
im a useless fragile 
maybe shes telling that to me
in sugar the riddle
they didnt know what love was
they learned from what they saw
but dont call it a norm, speak about the opposites
do not believe in the unordered as much as you believe in the harmony of it
harmony comes from you, seeing what potatoes and patatoes mean
if you sum 2bananas+2manzanas=4 
what horrible profesors taught as mathematics with differences
youj dont sum bananas with bananas and manzanas with manzanas.  dont be stupid.  think creatively
she thaught i was becoming a monster
and i hated her for that
“the difficult child”
the unsocialized
i was loved by my pairs
it just went unappreciated with them
“bien”... tiene un amigo
por algo escribe de tan chico
fuma y se persigue
i have all of my sides and i show them
she didnt support me being that way
she couldnt help talking about what she thought of me
children know manipulation
they know what you mean before they understand what you said
if you say everything no they wont you know what no is anymore, then understand it, then refuse to comply
paper crown
she deserves
you dont need to wash the apple to feel warm and fuzzy inside
you dont need anything to be ok or to be scared
she doesnt close the curtains
she doesnt like the death
humble but kendrick has a mental breakdown
enough is enough
you wont do video as much
war. brutus
its not the cinema what you do but the footage that you have
different movies come from different
only we two are important to her
not her father, not her spouse
im glad she told me that
and i could believe it
even if afterwards she forgets, ill had a talk ill never forget that left me a good image of her
you dont need to be in the cozy room
youll get peace from everything that troubles your mind
“i cant understand it because I'm strong enough to endure it” only implies that behind that mask of all laughs and noisiness, you are equally 
you hate all of us
mars surrounds the moon 
truth and lie merge at some point
in that verge we should oscillate
we shouldn't suck the fun of things just because we know the truth
be consciouss about the lies
i have my disciples, but they are not official
i have to my masters, but they havent heard that from me
ill say just what i first been thinking of
she had the right timing to go ask me. the timing where i talk from peace and love.give things a rest
just let me be
these are my clothes
you dont have to wear them
if you ruined it, you had to start all over
they do remember
but i remember as well
my best friend, i became my strongest enemy of him
now i can begin to organize
i know now that she understands me
she didnt understand me
she battled me in the worst time possible
it is time to redeem mary
rufi
when you organize you start seeing more things
clearer
saying hi for birthdays is not the same
give them a moment of peace
a moment to talk about themselves
between themselves
they own that to each other
everything about pc is modular
do whats good for you not whats convenient
/* *********************************** */
/*        22 Sep 2022, 10:16:12        */
/* *********************************** */


own what she calls you
own your names
el verdugo
2022_09-21-11-00-19
i dont want to give shows, i want to play
im not insane because i know exactly what im doing. im a writer and i write, dont really care what.
philosopher, afterwards. artist, afterwards. writer first, thinker before that
el esfuerzo del pensamiento
la verdad no se conoce por la vía de la percepción o la intuición directa, ni por medio de la intuición externa de nuestros sentidos, ni por -medio de la intuición intelectual (toda intuición es, en rigor, como tal, sensible), sino solamente mediante el esfuerzo del pensamiento.


(Page 21). 
en todo saber se contiene una verdad,


(Page 21). 
toda opinión afirma y pretende, aunque sea sin razón, poseer la verdad.


(Page 21). 
Para el hombre imparcial, la verdad será siempre una gran palabra que hará latir su corazón.


(Page 21). 
because you havent yet understood the difference between opinion and truth, you think there is no difference and therefore that everything i say is an opinion, exactly like yours. and its not. its a conclusion made under the own logics of language. 
she only has empathy for herself
there is pain
empathy for oneself is just pain
only through the pain of oneself one can mirror and heal others 
simple vanidad subjetiva.


(Page 21). 
una masa de contenido vano e inútil


(Page 21). 
Pilato replica a Cristo, cuando Éste le dice que ha venido al mundo para proclamar la verdad: "¿Qué es la verdad?" Lo que vale tanto como decir: "Este concepto de la verdad es un concepto convencional acerca del cual estamos al cabo de la calle; hoy, sabemos ya más, sabemos que ya no hay para qué hablar de conocer la verdad; eso se ha quedado atrás." Para quien así se expresa, no cabe duda de que eso se ha quedado atrás. Y para quien, en la historia de la filosofía, parta de este punto de vista, la significación de tal historia se limitará, evidentemente, a conocer las particularidades de otros, cada uno de los cuales tiene la suya propia: peculiaridades que son para mí, por tanto, algo extraño y a las cuales es ajena y no libre mi razón pensante, que no son para mí más que una materia externa, muerta,


(Page 20). 
Pilato replica a Cristo,


(Page 20). 
hacen estragos el epicureismo y la indiferencia ante la filosofía.


(Page 20). 
decadencia de la vida pública y política de Roma bajo Augusto


(Page 20). 
la antítesis platónica entre la opinión (505») Y la ciencia (émaTrpr]).


(Page 20). 
this is not philosophy. these are just reminders
learn about love without sex
la meta: el conocimiento de la verdad.


(Page 20). 
opiniones, considerándolas como algo de lo que no se tiene por qué dar cuentas a nadie, sino solamente a sí mismo.


(Page 20). 
honrar y respetar todas las opiniones,


(Page 20). 
cada cual, en mayor o menor medida, se forma una doctrina cristiana propia, arreglada a la medida de sus propias convicciones, que varían, naturalmente, con cada persona.


(Page 20). 


/* *********************************** */
regret
nothing greater
yesterday i said i was going to back up the most important piece of audio yet recorded by me: a whole honest conversation with my mother
she told me she felt the same way i did, were every step was wrong
when the only things that were remarked were the flaws, the bad things
constantly
you arent valuable 
you arent your titles
you arent your money
she kept looking at the drawer when she opened it to put her foot on it
inside there was only a pen
she sat down in my chair
ill write it down before i forget
inexplicably the audio deleted itself when i transferred it to my computer
i already cried about its loss, but not much can be done. i never managed to succesfully recover any file using any software and i just waste my time and frustrate over something thats aparently fruitless
i was looking outside, and the hall, and we were talking
and she asked me to try and recompose our relationship
i told her i was trying but didnt know if it was worth the effort, as every time i did i felt crushed and stepped all over
she finally understood me
after i tell them they were snakes for not seeing the good things when there only were good things
i am sensitive and not for that less corageous
i dare to feel
“i never had no self esteem” she said
and its true
“your mother is not your friend” i said
hace poco me pelee con marcial
hacer alusion a una pelea vieja y usar la ironia solamente lastima
le dije que la ironia, ese sentido del humor, no se usa con los hijos
con la ironia nunca sabes si te estan bardeando o si estan intentando ser graciosos
la ironia traspasa cualquier barrera
justamente se dice algo que no quiere decir exactamente lo que se dice
anda a pedirle el archivo a alguien
el problema no es que no me crean, es que no quedara inmortalizada
una vez ya grabe una conversacion con ella que elegi borrar porque estaba en su lowest point
su lowest point made me angry, she didnt deserve to feel worse than me, the actual victim of what she perpetrated
but this was an entirely different conversation
it was grounded on love and she felt hurt for hurting me
she asked for forgiveness i told her that wasnt the way things worked
i am willing to try, even i dont say it
do not squeeze love from people
you'll die alone because of it
they wanting us to be sincere about our feelings but also pretending that our feelings are good and pure and shine and contagious.
i stretched milo in front of her. all while hurt and talking to her. i was still gentle. i opened the window for him and he stood there, looking to the yard from were we were
she was sat on the money i left
she knew what was in the drawer
i do not care if she doesnt respect privacy
tus hermanos no son tus amigos
“hay hermanos que si” y tiene razon
“catalina si es mi amiga” le dije
tampoco se si es necesariamente verdad
catalina es mi hermana. la quiero como tal. la hermandad no es como la amistad, aunque tambien hay en ella algo que se le asemeja
los hermanos son tambien enemigos, pero dos hermano enemistados no son en realidad solo enemigos, son tambien hermanos de sangre
bad luck. call it bad luck. things get deleted when they werent supposed to
i do not do things out of need
thats a mistake
are you compelled to exercise all the power you have over others?
2022_09_21_11_00_19
the day i recorded the most important conversation i ever had
and lost it the day after
yesterday, the entire day i remembered to back things up
today i did and in the process i lost everything
you should be able to write chapters, otherwise theres an ever non resolved issue evolving and evolving
do you need others to have closure?
i do not need to hear it from you
The wise ones didn't use to say things 
They said things once
I won't retaliate that's why I cut them off
Life goes on is no comfort but true regardless
They refused to teach me then I learned elsewhere
The undesired
I was no source I was an anchor
No es por ser dueño de la verdad. La verdad no tiene dueño y es común a todos. La descubrimos.
If you are the boy she didn't want, become the man she'll never have
They are not entitled to take away our suffering
We suffer as much
Life is equally sufferable
Time is not equal money
Time equals value
Anything equals value
What if you could effectively lie to yourself
She knows what she did wrong
Maybe not entirely
But she does
I refused to talk about her now I cannot stop
One mother to redeem them all
One father to redeem them all
Knowledge by authority is the same as opinion
I don't need to see no more
I couldn't understand
The only thing we shared was the suffering


Intentar adivinar el futuro es dar pasos en falso de forma constante
Sleep deprivation
They won't let you because they have to see you do things
In consequence you don't rest as you should. And your are an overdoer and an under achiever
Philosophers have a system of truth that is taught in a school of thought
Always numb always needing
I was an outcast but as well a leader. Or so they said
People are allowed to have rough patches without you diagnosing them
Do not call people things 
I did have no friends
That event marked me for life
Life is suffering because you can't avoid it
Life is suffering because it does determine your life. It leaves a mark
The mark of the outsider
The outsider is suffering
That leaves you with strange powers
You know by statistics or the numbers they claim to have
No privacy
No intimacy
She recognised a few things
They banned it because they wanted to control their use
I understand those who have no friends
I compassionate for them
You get desperate because you desensitize
Life desensitizes you and you think is forever
Ella cree que es una inútil
"A vos siempre te la interesó la filosofía, yo siempre fui medio bruta"
They liked maximum supervision
I always low Tourette
I always feel strange
I'm always strange to myself
I'll forever be a stranger
Let it record
Insanity is an episode of catching the mouse
Dios es el opuesto complementario
He is generous but sometimes toxic


It's like chasing the not mouse but without knowing who's doing the changing
She's continuing the same stories
444
The wheel
La cuadratura del círculo
You choose to live in denial
It is hard to read
We are all in danger
Por qué aprovechas cada situación
She only works in pursuit of an objective
She wants to put me in, she's working on the narrative
Do I need help?
Who's the judge
Hypnagogic state
They imply things they don't always know are implying
The horrors of knowing how to write
They never pay any attention to you
They direct to you only with a purpose
They get worse with age
Tenes algo que decirme pero en vez preferís encerrarme
The unintegrated shadow will eat you up
you do not need music.
but sometimes you do
it´s like im constantly writing
and i am
i have conversations recorded
im not stupid
i know what they want to do
theyll say im paranoid and lock down
im writing in the privacy of my home
i exchange shame with others
theres no shame in being a human being that didnt know better, once you know better
the pulsions will come
the thou shalts will be comprehended, before they are discarded. 
they implanted philosophies on you, to make people wake up
there is comunism, besides every difference
he thought he could outsmart them all
do not pin on what you are used to
do not accept what you prebelieved and discard what you didnt read
motherfucker how can you be so arrogant
you need to first read all to judge some
i read all and judge some
she reads some and judges all
there it lies the difference
i seek generals through particulars and she seeks particulars through generals
im not part of that battle anymore
they see chaos
as the antagonist
i see it
as the complementary opposite
you can talk about other´s philosophies
but that will only be talking about your philosophies
philosophy will get you out of trouble everytime because there is always a better truth
its as if you had allways known, but you just find out
people with neurosis tend to forget
time for them passes super fast
being in the moment allows her to slow down
they proved people with personal relationships healed their wounds
there are things fucked up camouflaged 
people do not understand philosophers, who are those that just think all the time
we need shadow, or hit will make you bearn
there is no refuge to the shining sun than a couple of sunglasses and a bit of a shade with a cold breeze
climate is there for you to adapt
you are not there feeling warm and fuzzy outside to be warm and fuzzy inside
you are not angry because there is wind outside and you have to walk through mud and melting snow
you dont complain that your moustache is getting wet and rigid for the exchange of warm air that comes through your nose
he offered me a tissue
there are people that are antisocial, trying to be social become psychopaths
she kills you psychologically, whether she is aware of it or not
i write what comes first but i think otherwise
what comes superficial is next deepen, since one thing always implies another
im not a verdugo. i wont behead no one
metaphorically, you behead all of them
each head is going to be changed for one new
change your head to change your skin
is not that im not me
but it is not that you know who you are either
you are you
i am me
both we are we
do i fucking make sense
he compliments every stupid thing
she insults every bit of you, even the competent parts
you prove yourself wrong or right according to the relationships you have with others
im sorry to tell you, your mother ate your soul
they know shit about mind itself
“yo lo he vivido” no dice que mas que “yo lo he vivido”
they are all a bunch of resented adults
the grown up against the children for being emotionaly manipulated and emotionaly manipulative 
seek philosophy
socrates was killed
jesus was killed
este es el circo de neron
why some things are true and others are false
some are right some are wrong
if only because they are false
los opuestos complementarios tienen que estar en equilibrio
strong emotions, i dont need them
viste de lo que habla horacio
horacio the oracle
people have agression in them
the thing is how it is channeled and expressed
expression is not a matter of action but a preoperatory action
emotion is what sets the motion going
but emotion is not enough
you need emotion, intent, and being willing to do it
sometimes you do what you think it is the least of the two evils
the less harmful or unpleasant of two bad choices or possibilities.
"authoritarianism may seem a lesser evil than abject poverty"
im not an academic
you dont need nothing to be a philosopher, just to express yourself
im as wordly as i am wordy, and as worthy as i am
is sugar rewarding
is your mind
too chaotic or too ordered
like you
i remember my fauls
i need to just edit and do not give them the pleasure of letting things out of order
you use sunglasses then you can say hi
you write about what you see
you are a neighbour
and a stranger
but you live by yourself
you can fall on your back through the stairs
people are corageous
people like my grandfather
even when not knowing how good they were
he had to spent his time doing something
whats left of him, where is it
buy books
instead of toys
dont be stupid
you can allow yourself to by a 1000 books
las medias son para los pies
you think we are crazy
we know we are artists
we need no need to act upon the world
no need of power
no need of bending reality
we flow with it to learn harmony and we theorize to find a conceptual system that makes sense in the subtlest of ways
there are ways to use a computer
there are ways to use a phone
you know nothing about the world
it was his own parents who betrayed him and sent him to die
in the marrano gesta, his sister
Their only way out of pain is through engaging


one book, your whole life
1851 foucault
you will never buy that shit if you’ve seen deeper
you do want to spoil the fun with details
time is enclosed within the sun and the moon
time is enclosed just within
time is eternal outisde of us
its wise to question were we begin
time is relative but not to us but other times
the paper of the moon in weather
a revolution is a spin under the same axis
jesus embedded in pain
they took too far the stages of propaganda
everything had a place of birth. everything has a place of death
red, green, violet (violence of the vibration)
la escuela no es sinonimo de educacion
when im alone im bored
when im in company i want to write
they werent all extremely creative, they pushed forward their creativity
misunderstanding a word can make you imagine the wrong thing
ill drink this muddy waters
immersive bath in charcoal
why do we read the same books
some of them because they are classics; others because we are too narrow
you don´t heal from trauma, you heal with trauma
the wisdom of trauma
me gusta como se mueve el viento sobre el agua
everything is about meaning and belief
the disgust for us developped
this universe belongs to the magicians of energy, frequency and vibration
standard time comes from standard meridian
sideral time
books are compacted info
christians want to become christ god, not christ human
christ human is terrifying
she wasnt christian enough
i figured it out but im not the first one
che guevara is their jesus
logos is as philosophical as god is
scientist know too well the principle of causality to deny it
who cares what i write if i know what i believe
casi sin darme cuenta he estado haciendo todas estas cosas que me llevaron a parecerme a el pero no desde su sentido, sino del mio
god is a reflection of the self
you stare at god, god stares back at you
i minimize it because i don’t care about the risks when it is about writing things on paper
my writings are private
the earth was submerged in water
you know the origins of the universe
without the idea of god you dont have stability
she cant see wisdom
before you do something youll regret the rest of your lives
no wonder why there are tests and initiation
the thing about god is that you do not run out of things to say
i thought in the end it was a choice
and creativity is just that
little choices that gets you to create something
there is no art involved in no decision making
you cant choose your mistakes
but you can choose what remains
words are just words
whos against words is against man and god equally
its equally godly and humane, language
juntando agua de lluvia en un par de ollas
en la escritura vale todo
everything has to point towards infinity
they all subordinate themselves. you arent of god. you are god. you find your maxims. your philosophy is the god you become. the ever present now that is always different, for good or for worse.
what does it mean to wake up?
resisting to think about it you start embodying it
i see demons in them, though im not scared
they are capable of tearing me apart, and with the tuppe of believing that they are helping me
you become one as well its complementary opposite, minus one
volcanos formed land. 
manifestation of heat in the center of the earth
this is the darkes period of history: world wars, nuclear power, internet
do asteroids give life to dead planets
maybe they carry the seed and before it its just inhabitable planets
the thing about mind is that you also never run out of things to say
432hz
the kid rock
he has a huge heart
he has a good heart
he has a great heart
i write all while having music in my mind
scientists see humans reducted to flesh
you dont see philosophy, you see flaws 
and thats were you are projecting
what you dont like dont make you right except for yourself
only accepting scientific are choosing to narrow their minds
philosophy the mother of all sciences
hit the road jack
its just their word against mine
i dont know whos winning
mother philosophy
do not deny the capacity of your mind. you and god are one
you have the mind of god
a performe genius
fuck, pain, pleasure, hate and love
fuck the fucking fuckers
who the fuck was that
performing is one of my virtues
one of the smartest men and has no soul. mm
the baddast bitch out of cleveland
is your philosophy the right one
i like the locals from everywhere
i saw her face looking at the drawers
express roots with authenticity
artist who die in the shadows are not brave enough
they all claimed to be, but none was. now that i am i see that others are
to the mechanical animal
whats the role of entre rios in the things to come
symbology can be found everywhere i dont know why they believe in some events more than others
words have no importance
it is a relief to know that that im not crazy
i should check on the water every hour or so
rocker lifestyle. tommy lee.
.
The silence when everybody is gone
I just want to sit still
Las actividades corporales te ayudan a bajar la mente.
Keyboard fetish
333
If you remain still you see that nothing happens
What's the worst tragedy you can imagine
There's no wrong in artificial light
Why is my mouth involved at all in my breathing
Why am I not happy
How do I make things better.
What makes writing important?
.
What is hell
How do you get there
I teach the program how to read the way I write
The machine will speak with you the way you speak
The software mirrors you
true meaning of inner peace that ill hope ill find one day
do every one of us deserve peace? 
it is the best for everyone after all
peace preceeds peace
el lobo azul aulla a la luna. his consciounsness is green yellow and orange
i just dropped my pikachu. it openned up
look at the neighbors you like the most
in reality they make youi look at the ones you like the least. instead of models we have antimodels
theres few examples of things that can be done good
you can twist someone’s intentions
they try to prove themselves 
and theres when they fail
i dont have to prove nothing to myself
i do what i will and know what i will not
it is always a free try
what restrains me from stretching my back while i still do what im doing
i was a try hard
i tried to be a winner
i guess
i tried to gain love
i guess
everything was a guessing to me
phiosophers inspired me
i always liked philosophy. thats what my mother made me believe. and im greatful for that.
im greatful she believes i should record my songs
my value is not my work
do not let the work unhumble you
humility lesson is what happened.
you are not too 
not even you will keep me here
what do you believe exactly.
you are too much what
dont let the opinions become belief.
theres nothing true in an opinion except its 
be aware of the pink cup
arent we all energetic vampires
we see someone good and we tell them our problems
why would they care about my problems
why did he know things about his mother?
i think and i write. thats what i do.
it is okay if you dont hide anything that ashames you
its been 30 minutes since the problem was that you wouldnt let me speak
i go out of home to speak a lot
spirituality is about what you already believe
why hide that you write
why hide your public personality
why do i need it, is what i ask
be mindful of the pink cup
whats so funny about that
the working monk
i come up with ideas that are funny. scary. 
css is coding style
how different it is to wash ones ass after taking a shit
spiders are useless in hair
not even you will keep me here
some things are congruent with anothers
some arent
youll end up working in many books at the same time
with each entry
if you dont move bugs, theyll eat you up.
i should record silence more
just typing
im a programmer
not a writer
im a programmer
not a writer
what is true about your public persona
throw interesting questions to the discussion
not things that are already known
plant the seeds, see them grow
maybe things are meaningful to her, but only when its about or around here
thats whats hurtful
shell never see or recognise you
but the day comes when theres need to reject recognition. 
they say i want to be dominant
but do i?
I could be living here, working exactly as im sitting right now, if i were a programmer
it stopped him from learning
it is retarded in development
i wont put any pressure on you
even if sometimes seems as if i do
he know i want send him a message
is it that it is common to just say hi
im one or two layers behind
i can be extroverted
but i do not seek to be, except that is in performance
it is okay to type.
call me a programmer
see your body to humble yourself. you are also this piece of meat.
no one hates a software programmer. everyone hates a writer.
but hate is going to come anyways. everyone has to deal with it
celebrities is you if everywone were paying attention to you. i can meditate while typing while seeing the river and the birds if i were programming
fill your thoughts with prana. the ones that are useful and good
everyone know what it is to be one of those you speak about
astucia
eso tiene que reflejarse en lae scritura
astucia es algo de lo que en la escritura no te podes probar
a soldier in ascencion\
a soldier for peace
war antiwar
i do some yoga
i also find christ
no shame about them seeing you write
give them your baack
he thinks i am a farsante.
he was tire of my bullshit and didnt say to me anything. he smiled and called me farsante.
mirror book. the book you are writing one line at a time you can organize it in as many books as you want. starting from chapters. 
send to other txt grouped by chapters
those chapters
if people would see themselves in the mirror, they would stop doing the things they dislike about themselves and are the things that are dislike by oneself. 
a little meditation on anger was needed
i am the working monk,
just stretch the fucking head and type code
type code grind take chocolate milkshake 10 grind type code push ups type code rest 
with me is different because i have a different destiny
that is it
we all do
and we are all different because of that
.
code what opens and closes with 
.
dots
.
and breaks with dots
.
make the syntax the most human readable as possible
you wouldnt be deceiving youself in your writings
you are the working monk not the resting monk
if you are going to sit chinese in front of the river with the spine straight, you better type you working monk
i have in front of mine a river, and a boat. and a tree across from the river that is projecting its shade in the watter. its roots are exposed in half 
i dont want compassion i want them to know what i have for them.
archetypal prediction machine
to what extent is it okay to have feelings
he thought he had for everyone 
and no one does
preserve your seeds
every 
i saw a bee across my eyes
i can see only one line
the rest is guided by the hands alone
every lettter pressed
i am loud
i am loud
and that was not smart
what keeps you from doing the same thing you are doing but with a straight spine
youll have a map of meaning that is entirely yours
type near your balls
hold keyboard with your muscles and glutes
grind
it is through the funny stuff that you get motivation
it is about the great moments it will get you in the future
it is not though about sacrifice. everyone know whow muich is willing
but nothing goes as expected never
so th higher the stakes
listen to the keyboard
there is never silence
this is the sound of your head in reality
this is the sound of every character of your thought
you can record the sound of each thought instead of each meaning and attach them to words
that way things would be movingh
i know how to pose of the working monk.
it is a position that will get my ass sit down, my spine straight and my eyes down, looking at what im doing
they see im progressing
the thought i was a lier
they thought i lioed to them
they werent stupid
but there were reasons for me to do it
i learnt about the utility of lying
and i purposefuly chose not to lie
lying as well as telling the truth are consciouss choices
truth is not that simple
civilization builds up you cannot stop it
the working monk gives its back to everyone
looks up to a tree
and types
and grinds musles and glutes
can you
mhhhh
what if i attached this to a sound
a word to a soound
type every word
but be mindfull about it
it is not mindful of you to go cathartic about your books
but once you are strong enough, youll do it
what i represent
what we represent in the world
are you a model
what is it to be one
there is no choice involved in it, either you are or you are not
i had many, something was going right. i needed frinends not assistantes, and many presented themselves as me. i knew they were troublemakers. troublefinders. because they thought they had people backing them up
if its erratic, it will show on paper. if its calm, it will show on paper 
i want to call my sister and tell her that i need to speak to her and then tlel her that i need to speak to her. then tell her about the software. maybe shell be happy about it
but what about you
are you happy about that> 
i can type the fastest in this position
unironically.
maybe it is the best positionater all 
maybe i just need to find a better angle for my keyboard.
writing is working
you look at true things without being scared of it
they make you die in agony and horror
some will do some things
we undewrstand human nature
we have a better understanding than most would like to 45
69
can you type?
i type code
i write a program
it is not written yet
i know how it is that works 
i know it will manage
i know i can make it
he was tired of my whining
he was about to let me know
why dont i shut up and listen
sometimes people just want to talk
you need vigor
cant you just hold the keyboard with your thumb?
isnt that the best referencing poiint you can have?
your ghumb?
hjow to do youpe space
how are you typing space
you do not need any thumb
leave the thumbs for secret keys on the things
let me write what i want
let others speak what they want 
type
type code
grind
type
type type type
leave the world filled with written words
I focus on linguistic
people are impressed about primal ideas but not secondary or terciary idas. im tryting to brying things from beyond
meaning that youi can type from everywhere
you can type from your keybnoard on yourt phone exactly as you are doing right now
i should study javascript a bit today
she knows i know about that conversation
“no irony is allowed in here”
you throw random commentaries about interactions you personally had with people
there is no need for things to made done public
what is the routing that is needed 
no need to see the keybnoar
dyou play it as if it was gutar piano
you mistype many of things too
when will you dare type some code.
ill write here every function i will ever use
lets see if gorilla is more or less
you have divine interactions with people
there are people who transmits that to you
print(helloworld)
print(“helloworld)
everything is in reality a commentary about my software
inside of it
it should read multiple txts
it should acces them and edit them and 
console.log("myballsinyourdreams")
 you defne and access your own variables
you define your objects, you access your own objects
you throw and catch
you dont have the mind if you dont smoke the right weed and meditate the right amount, lets say, always
it is ok if sometimes you cant meditate
it is okay to be overwhelmeded
it is okay to be truncated
torcido
but what keeps you from letting your spine straight
i thought i went to far
but it didnt break me
like schreber
stop quoting others. unless you want to
you can separate the line with the next line and the concatenate with a button
i believe my idea of them is them
and my idea of them is always wrong
just tipe without breaking your neck
you dont have to move the thumbs from the keyboard. you choose where to put your phone
dont let other people let you say other say other people let you do what they ley uou say let youu dont let other people tell you how to type
console.log(“whateverwantsprintedinyourhead”)
it is okay to make human relations feel good once again
let energy breathes you in
lift every thought with prana
it was the computer who curved me
who left me seeing the ground
i want to write while sitting down on a common chair with my legs wherever they are and my but wherever it is and the keyboard not moving at all so i can type without any risk or concern of mystiping. that is for more accucacy of course
how far can you get your diverget thought
whats the paper of my inconscious on the process of learning.
whatimpides you from keeping your back straight
your shoulders back
your neck hiugh
provided a cheat shit
your crown aiming to the sky
stretch
stretch
grind
hang
dont be scared of words
i dont care if she brags about me 
not even you will move me from my path
it is a path that is still
it is unordered to prove a point
mira como estan tus plantas facun
access each chapter by keyboard
go unblocking each level
need trojans to find out what you wrote
they wont get it from me
i write for myself, whoever reads this when im already dead. maybe its too late to respect privacy
Ive refined my taste for horror
I've refined myself
Build an app like Kindle
Only txt
Fuck editorials
You can build one replica of the software for each folder you are working on.
It doesn't work on child folders
Only on the folder it is open
Make copies of the software one for each folder you're working on.
Trees and subtrees of folders and txt.
Only text.
Only txt.
No image attached. That's the point of plain text.
For each input. Return random paragraph.
For each txt. array of each line. 
Entire book.
Split into lines.
Mix with your own ideas
Store passwords within piles and piles of text
I don't do that
The will to live
You will live
The simplest.
Bring back Jung.
Advocating for philosophies
Advocating for psychological schools
Who's the founder of a school
I have no merits, no credentials. People don't believe just because you speak.
Living outloud in every sense of the world
word = outloud
print(word.length)
0 = 7
Philosophical languages included
Philosophical syntax
Get inspired by the good ideas. Don't discard life force in the bad ones.
You have a life for better purposes than the ones you have now.
My brain is growing
I know they think I'm pishado
Re pillado
Gotem
How do you build txt reader
It lets you export in pdf
The writing monk.
The writing sleeping monk
The working sleeping mong
Study is silent
I study at night in my bed with my phone
No time for sleep
No time to sleep
You can nap whenever
You can work whenever
Dream something doable.
Don't be judged of yourself nor others
Are you so much a saint
No need to call ourselves that
We are failed in structure because we are bound to this time we got to live in.
r: Opens a file for reading only
r+: Opens a file for both reading and writing
w: Opens a file for writing only
w+: Open a file for writing and reading.
a: Opens a file for appending
a+: Opens a file for both appending and reading
When you add 'b' to the access modes you can read the file in binary format rather than the default text format. It is used when the file to be accessed is not in text.
The book of mirrors
Erased quotes won't erase just go to the txt file called "Erase"
__file__ evaluates to the filename, inclusive path, that a module was loaded from. (Not all modules are required to have a __file__ attribute, see PEP 420 for more details).
A clipboard copypaster
I saw myself as a failure and now I see everywhere new opportunity
I didn't know what I wanted
Now I know.
The simple and the complex
I have to chill my temper
Cool down it's all good
the main program
Full screen mode where only shortcuts are valid
Check your past deleted lines manually. Erase (check) before creed
Check deleted. Then write, edit, delete more. Then check deleted. Delete deleted. Write edit and delete more. From the erased txt you can make a new monster txt. To revise those unserving thoughts.
Cháchara
Or nonsense
A better version of a thought is already in the main book
Seed book. Branch book.
I thought I was wise; I thought wrong
This is a branch book of a main book
I would burn this
If I had more clothes
I'm exaggerating with passion sometimes
I'm overwhelmingly passionate sometimes
I'm intense
How intense can I be
Sometimes thinking about something more is better. Sometimes more is worse.
If you want to
You'll get closer to the truth the deeper you dive 
I wouldn't do something just because you want to
It felt great to be me the one that wanted to do it
I liked spending time with her
She was nice
And she was hot
She works out now
Now she's hotter
Why did I put names to people
I was bully and bullied
They thrive from sense of power
Sense of keeping you in your place
He was convinced he had the right mind to do so. He had reasons equals to the ones normal people had. Do he saw no reasons not to. Don't believe everything you think. You may be further from truth than what you might believe.
Button add(); button .
Show yourself who you are
I can't wait for it to be the morning
I do intake sunshine
People go through the forest
One can call a burnout
I spend the nights alone. I took it.
Click random. Click next in line. If you're interested in the first line, you keep reading. If you're not interested you generate a new random. You can come back to the previous.
Ideas develop before they are made
Mind can get really loud or really quiet. You add fire to the thought.
One random. One next.
The name printed in each run of the application will be the name of the folder it's contained on.
They never let me explain my idea.


you model your body
ythays why youn have to see it
you cant not see it
why did i put my thumbs there in there first place. they occupy no work at all. i can tip wype with 7 fingers.
little finger from the right goes to enter and erase
i blamed others for not being faster on the keyboard.
its not exactly blame is it
It is fine that im meditating in a chair and the phone on the floor
its fine they believe that they know what i know
complexd deeper truths are more complex. or are they. aint every miracle exacty the same. ill make the program uppercase every line of every conjunction of paragraphs where there is more than the one that would contrarily 
ok. but tell me why
in the end we all want to know the truth
What ties you to them is the same idea
same ideas that have been cultivating
they think they know the danger when in reality they are just scaring
it means now i can relax my hands
at least is a resting position for whenm im not typing, but meditating
weeed is great men whatcan i tell you. thoughts are all messed up but in that divergetnce you find more order.
my resting period is on the keyboard
i too have adhd
i cant keep my hands on the keyboard
i cant drink an entire cup of water without leaving it without realising
a veces esta en cualquier lado y lo traigo de vuelta.
The brain is prediction machine.
we are allways in the future
but that future is now.
writing you charge your thoughts with prana
the resting position should always be the same
i shouldnt think. i should meditate. thinking is disrespectful. because you can create them. and easily decieve yourself. i played a part on this.
show you blocks of for lines that are randomly put together in singles. you can put them together\
i change my position to think better but then i forget that my resting position is exactly this one. spine streatched. feet on the floor. hands on they keboard. thumbs in the back of the keyboard. 
you can get everything out of context.
my idea is just for words. others would adapt it and use it for other things.
maybe phrases and pictures.
memorias espejo
eso es lo que son
i can now scan my books and retype them while only looking at the screen instead of having to 
i know i have adhd because i didnt know i could write from the phone at this distance. and see the keyboard and screen at the same time. 
why dont you keep the look at the screen. its your meditation. it is like afar. imagination soundly mixes with your 
i communicate through bocadillos that no one is interested in
instead of talking with them about something i wait till everyone is around and then drop a comment
manipulators there are coverts. 
why cant i be loving?
reject you can only in your mind
you cant cancel your body with another thought.
you need to reject thought. refuse giving prana to that idea if its an idea you dont want manifested.
the power of thought is key to all of this.
many people know about this
i can do whatever, my writtings prove it
not everything is a dream. 
i so much wanted to die. that i did
sun is strong. take it
ypi dont even have to look if your hands are fixed to the keyboard as they should be since it is a working monk phase. you can meditate with your eyes closed.
you can write with your eyes closed.
the problem is not your memory.
module: a block of (10) random lines to be reordered.
dont get me 
everytime i forget, i change my position
adhd is just only all the time trying to remember. it is neuroticism. fixated by little things. 
maybe i have wrong idea about many things. but ive come a great distance.
you should measure yourselve. 
this is day 10/11
when you press control the buttons on the machine change theyr appearence and the new functions appear.
era afeminado
i only hanged out with girls
in my family
forget celebrities
you dont have to not care about them
just forget them
not cared
as an active speech
i cant stand a bit of heat from the sun
why dont you become what you look like
what memories are preventing you from doing that
why keep changing
when you can remain being still
the body will change
your looks with it
your expression may look more serious or more funny
and your addiction may or may not be 
scripting videogames
with coding, i have no excuse but to put ideas to work. if you are an independent seller.
shes doing with us the same thing her father did with her. consent her and give her money to live in her own bubble. then she spends her life 
there are different paragraphs all belong to different version more or less actualised.
why cant i complain but keep my spine straight
why cant i meditate more
meditation is good
meditation is coming
im thinking
im thinking and im working
im typing
and im hear myself type 
and is a pleasure
to be able to do this across the world traveling light meeting new places, get some more insights of my idea of the world. to know it just for the love of it
you have many ideas to 
one module for writing, typing
one module to see (x) amount of lines at the same time, to see if it belongs to a block or not
block. whats between two paragraphs 
let things be the right amount
be sometimes, others dont be
look up with your chin, relax the back of your tong. stop making pressure with the teech
they make too much force wiith their teeth. fights. people in the country. they speak like that then
Meditate and type and grind 
keep your back straight
i have a weak neck for so long being arrollado. el pensador. el pc. all but the writing monk
comforting thoughts, scary thoughts. theyll all come back to you at some point
one module to lock thje folder where you have your  txt files
its writing just for yourselves
media is anyone saying anything and some dont like it
the relief i feel when i say, im already working. and im outside typing with the sun high up my two cats around doing pushups, yoga and meditating and planning my day and my life
i have to comply to the schedule of others
they hurt my pride and now ive found what ill do. this is it. i have found it. what gets me to do whatever
i was a failure. mood is an excuse. When was i independent
when did they stop pretending they didnt think i was their babyboy
words still exist
words will keep existing
look at their creativity
the evolution of creativity will tell you everything about a person
depression is not something you so much have, is something you so much create
you get yourself in a problem you cant get out of, not by thinking
theres a before and after awakening for all
its not natural
why would you do what doesnt seem natural
my link to him is the other him. if it wasnt for the other him 
it is wise to let things take their course and then reread the reality of the situation
overestimate the importance of your ideas 
but dont overestimate them
it gives you access to a window that shows the etxto as you wrote ie
Comments people send will be public for all to see
.
Juli Massoni. Oh i liked her. I put the joint barriola just left in the car and i gave it to her in her mouth. she got happy and about to light it up. The frazada was folded in half, covering both of our legs, but we were in front of each other. We were in the backsit of the car. in the part of the front, my parent. Barriola just had left, mi sister as well.
the way she smiled and look at me
the jokes she made
Before, an old guy was buying in a gas station a chocolate for my sister. 
masculinity is not the problem
the problem is human condition
business is done one deal at a time
Im too intense, meaning i 
if a paragraph gets incomplete, you can go to the original source file and check if the other part of the paragraph is there. youll always have backups from your previous versions. 
They are always 
hay algo que no te estas acordando y no sabes que es
es el valor
I already dont live with you
im a stranger to this world
i wasnt likeable because i didnt show myself
when i show myself people like me and i proven myself 
you can be honest only to yourself
it is a matter of you are not telling everyone around you everything you think
everyone  knows thoughts torture us
what are the pathlives that lead you to a less tortured life? 
kill all organized institutions. become the individual self to get them all.
dont talk about your thoughts as if you believe them
thats a signal yourve been pushing your pelvis against the car
this is not for you this is for me and when i die my sister
people dont understand whats to be against their unconscious. its not a boogyman, it is not a shadow. it is an unconscious we confront directly every instant. we need the self of this instant to understand how we confront the nex. 
what leads you towards.
I dont have to decide anything now
why projecting
why dont you think with your body straight
we need to discipline ourselves and with that its the things you need to remember in order to recover order. 
You chose what folders to share. 
the .txt of what folders to share. 
“Ill find an excuse”.
Ive said that every time. 
The self is beyond thought
Why are you not straight all the time with your spine up
You have the capacity to learn how to evolve.
so you think in the people you care but beyond you think 
snap out of it
no singleliners are more important than others
all singleliners matter
People dont enjoy every second of their lives. 
all singleliners matter
I introduce myself at any moment with no regards of others
Creaciones de tu mente
Flies would be the first things surrounding ones body
thats why 
pick a date
anticipation creates dopamine
the importance of philosophy is relegated so science. 
The app is called mirror mirror
you can change the name even of the main forlder
Im all scattered im not focused
why not make a weed bar happen?
writers weed. classified by genre. romantic. horror. panic attack. 
we saw an episode of the rats with my mom and dod. chapter two of guillermo del toros last series. she looked down sometimes, but took most of it after all becauise “a la siesta se animaba”. God of her to confront her fears. one bit at a time. 
when its about food. what do you eat? 
Open source writers tool
it generates anticipation
im typing code
tipeando codigo
if i say that, no one would doubt it
even i wouldnt. thats what im doing one way or another.
Im living a longer movie. thats all.
some people need some clarity.
they think my discontemnment is for them.
spine straight, little by little.
first a stretch. then a pull from the ass to the crown. one stable spine.
they are teaching doctrine
because then you have to volunteer.
theres a users guide
meditate
medicate
meditate
it is too long if its done for so strong
i underestimate daily practice
a responsive atitude towards life is not well welcomed
who grabbed who.
i judge her for grabbing him. a harmless beast.
the evil witch.
meditating is not for reasting
it is for working
i mistook it
and i went asleep for days
the things i say dont have the effect i believe they will have
Prioritize enjoying thinking about programming the software that will make possible
I build a website and a movie
sometimes im just one scope behind
impulsive
quick reactions
Youll see a resting face and a working face
A bird just went down into the water
mirror mirror
everysinglelinermatterbutjustformyselfmirrormirorrwhatsbetterthanovercomingoneself
I take things well
but they know in the past ive done some stuff
and they expect me to react in the same crazy ways i did before
catholicism
target while juvenite
Alchemysts did the alchemycal comparison
different philosophies reign different 
Why did i see judgemetal
the purpose being meditate while having your spine straight. dont matter the neighbour. the other neighboar. the ache of your legs of or the mistakes you make with your fingers because your eyes closed and the wind hits your ear. 
im like bronson
i thoyught
that made me emotionally fighter,
without the aggression
i needed more masculine body movement 
Responsive
narcissistic chaos
they found a way to turn down a system: gossip their worst parts
new partner match the level of aggression of their parent
it is okay to be at peace
she sees you doing nothing, she believes you do nothing
Esta un poco fuerte pero se toma
me comio el pillado
que onda
humble yourself
por que estoy buscando pensamientos donde no lso hjay
por que quiero mas profundidad que la mayor simpleza. yo estoy
aca
siendo
respiro porque es mi funcion biologica. ahi empiezxa mi cuerpo
no antes
la sensacion de vida entra por la respitacion
god blew into our noses
software for seeing blocks of texts and   
WHY DO YOPU WANJT TO THINK ABOUT THINGS YOU ARE NOT HINKING
you drop the keyboard, you hit the mayusc key. it is now aware in you something that wasnt supposed to happen
if chance, happened, 
it wouldnt have happened otherwise
you can choose a block of how many lines
Maybe its all one liners
then youll choose one line
there is no rush in ending things
thats what i thought
but truly there is
they want us sick and pale
you dont need to overcome the experience
you dont need experience to overcome things
individuals
we are individuals
it is not the surrounding that defines us
it us that define our surroundings
once people change they become succesful
No lo sigo en ninguna no lo hago quedar bien
Que cosa
the tickiung bomb
a fathers ass
they corrupted the figure of the father. fucking catholics
no images
no ideologies
no people to follow
leaern from those who teach you how to learn from no one but yourself. jung. jbp. socrates. jesus. plato. aristotle. and the long list will be much to long for a few hundred lines.
“se pelo” tiro el zore