I can write with just one hand. 


Any book could be the bible. 


Piapio.


No te diste cuenta de nada porque solo miraste adentro tuyo. 


Play with one hand in cold water. 


Era yo narcisista? Don’t we all have at least some narcissit traits? 


Se hacen los muertos los bichos cuando los pateas. 


Puedo opsicoanalizarme solo, por las palabras que escribo. A traves de ellas. Los terminos que utilizo. 


Do not be reactive. 


“She knew how to push every button”. 


El brazo en una olla de lata me hace doler los dientes. Serà que esta fria el agua. 


Podes arrancar a contar algo desde donde sea.


Hay que hablar asi porque si no te hablan arriba. 


Mi lugar favorito para escribir ahora es el patio. 


Escribo mientras hago otras cosas. 


Spread subtly like leaves in that autumn wind. 


Don’t doubt. If you nail it, you nail it. If you fail, you fail.


Autumn.


Momento. 


Memento. 


Semejantes bichos hay hoy. 


Hay una razon por la que la n (su dibujo escrito) es n y no n; m y no m. 


“Ya te llevo un escobillon, para”.


Ice cold is just the beginning. 


It’s sickening the bonding they try to make, the disorder, the confusion, the chaos. It may be for life. 


There were sufferings I never understood. 


I wanted to know no more about the subject. 


Nadie me dice como gastar mi dinero. 
Que es el dinero? Un equivalente de cambio. 


Esta linda la noche para caminar. 


Fuck you puto.


I damaged them without letting go. 
I damaged them for not letting go.


Tengo un monton de problemas perceptivos porque me falta media cara. 
Es como que me faltara una porcion de adentro. Siempre incompleto, haga lo que haga. 


El tema con las letras es que se escriben todas por separado. Trazos cortos y firmes, sin dudar. 


Tocando a fondo mi tema en repeat hasta las 5am tomando whisky. Re caliente aparecio el vecino de abajo. No recuerdo si era viernes o sabado.


Gente que odie la musica. 


Lets see who’s more plastic. 


I can fill these notebook in just a few days. 


Learn to write with your wrist away from the paper. Mucho menos control. Quizas control mas sutil.


Como seria el trazo de una pluma?


I write even when I try to delay it. 


Don’t be a writing compulsionist. 
Learn to say no even to that. 
I am what I need. I need nothing but what I am. I am nothingness.


Meaningful rats. 


Every word is like a puzzle. 


A labrynth, each word. 


Meaningful rots. 


Make time for your self. 


You sleepy can get lost. 


The hardest part is showing up. 


Lift the hips. Find length in the spine. 


I stopped living in the emotional real world. One body one reality.


Feeling love with the yoga.


Listening to your body by responding in a different way. 


It is a question of scale to realize if there is free will or not. Bodily attached, spiritually detached. 


I spent so many trips trying to figure out what the trip was about. 


Dream realm present every day all day. 


All my life obsessed with the animal instinct. 


Who answered for their words after they were dead. 


Say no more. 


n, m, u.


Culito culòn. 


nwhat. 


Many lines erased, vanished or lost. 


You slow down on stimuli so you can have a clearer mind. 


Some lines don’t mean shit. 


That disgust is part of all. 


The difference between sane and insane is one of understanding. 


El Logos, el mundo de las ideas.


Hell is not just suffering. It’s the one inflicting pain.


You can’t prove it if you can’t tell where is it. 


Only a little of weed to be able to act while contemplating. If you smoke too much, your head overrides your body. Let’s you numb. Slower. Stupider. With micro dosage you speak and do more effectively. 


You can like/dislike what I do, you can approve or disapprove it, it won’t make a difference. 


Hermosos ñoquis los de ayer. 


I only used to like myself when I was self absorbed. 


We perceive sounds like music. 


If you identify the rhythm, there it is music. 


People see great people instead of seeing the great transformation that made them become that. 


What do I wish I was doing instead? It’s fine that I’m home. 


I see a world of light in a reality of darkness. 


Interesting insights about stupid subjects. 


The future is appearing brighter. 


Yo no tengo una buena relaciòn.


The relation to all things. 


Lo hago aca para que tambien lo haga el; directamente heredarselo a el. 


Buscar chicharras desde el sonido. 


El living era muy siniestro. 


A veces me peleo con Dios y conmigo mismo. Esta bien pelear. 


Life is struggle.


Creer que lo que pensas es verdad. 


5 dorm. Venta. Lissing. 


A veces èl esta muy lucido. 


La gente esta abandonando sus casas.


Una casa donde vivir. 


Hay mejores formas. 


Vuelva por aca y por aca. 


They are making them leave to create more opportunities for the others. 


Soy dueño de mi pedacito de rìo.


Estas en el patio de tu casa pescando. 


Camara y alarma. 


Ciberseguridad es seguridad despues de todo. 


They steal your light. 


There’s dark and light in all of us. 


There was light to her. I just stopped finding it in her. 


The old men come to me for advice. 


It is pure light and war. Chaos and order are at war, that is the imperfect equilibrium. 


All mantras, all spells (all phrases).


La crisis es la caida de una ilusion. 


Arquetipico es el analisis. Primero hay un sueño. 


As you speak, I can travel with my imagination. 


Licencias comerciales. Cambian todo el tiempo. 


Faltan principios y valores. 


Las reglas son contraproducentes. 


Las reglas regulatorias. 
Son las reglas las que regulan. 


Las redundancias no son mentiras ni mucho menos incorrectas. 


“Valga la redundacia”. Vieja pajera. 


I spent all of my school years analyzing my teachers’s behaviours.


The state owns the country. 


Cada segundo que pasa mas y mas personas corroen su inteligencia en este sistema. 
Un sistema incoherente genera individuos incoherentes. 


They can do whatever they want. 


“O eso te hacen creer”. Plancha caliente, Malvinas en mi piel. El gobierno miente. 
Esta cancion seguira existiendo en cualquier momento de mi vida. 


A veces las personas solo necesitan una descarga. 


Lo bueno de subir las cosas de internet es inmortalizarlas, porque no solo vos ya sos el dueño. Otras personas las descargan, y aunque las borres, no desapareceran. 


El desamor es lo mas amargo. Nos pasa con todos. Enamoramiento y desamor. 


Each thought is valuable because it is unique to the author. 


Beliefs about yourself won’t let you see other aspects of it. Having insecurities is having beliefs over it. 


Cure yourself with meditation. 


Flexible ours, physical work. I can stop whenever I want. I can be as slow as I want. 
I can think whatever i want. I can interrupt whatever I’m doing to pursue an idea. That’s the kind of job that I want. 


I wouldn’d mind, starting a podcast.


Mentirle al Estado es mentirle a Dios. Te meten miedo a Dios (instauracion de valores judeo cristianos en relacion a la unidad. Te dicen Dios no existe y solo aparece el Estado). 


Llamar a todos hermanos seria lo que esta bien. Otros que son vos. 


I went all in to truth. 


Am I able to organise a thought structure? 


I didn’t shoot any of the editing panel, the place where they shot. I only filmed them. That was stupid of me. 


Writings are thoughts written. Words. We give wording to our thoughts. 


I’ll make someone make a blog for me and upload content there. 


Blogs are for readers and writers. 


Talk as if it was obvious. 


I think of many things at once.


I could print my name with a typewriter. 


Crazy, aren’t we all. 


It’s not dissociation if you are conscious of it. 


I need to type in the link of the webpage. 
www.godplaystheartist.com
Do I need to add the www and the .com?
godplaystheartist
Enough of a stamp, I’d say. 


I have a back problem because my legs are too long and my chairs too small. I can never let my feet hang, except when I’m sitting on a tall bed. It bothers me deeply. I causes me physical deformity and pain. 


I thought I kind of had to go. But how far. 


Go that way but how far. 


I used to think as If I were them, as I did with every other being. I used to think about myself as a somone else. 


When you become a monadic obssessive compulsive. Your intelligence only leads to one point. Your mind is like an 8 bit sound. It holds no subtle structures. It is harsh. Rough. Buzz. Distorted. 


You can get creative with the functions a software has. 


They resist to believe just because. 


Las interpretacion de los sueños es una abstraccion.
 
I have the sense that I’m going to die young. 


When Yung was joung. 


Resourceful. That I would say that I am. 
Resourceful exist only in potency. That’s how I know it is true about myself. 


Everything that is possibility, I am. 


Triggers. Disparadores. Eso son las frases. 


Si te vas para cualquier lado, el parrafo se parte en dos. 


Tenes que ver lo que esta en el medio, entre un evento y otro. 


No arreglarme la vista tuvo implicancias psicologicas. 


I know what I’m doing. Sometimes I’m just too careless.  I the only damaged is me, I proceed.


Are they intimidated by me? Or just don’t like me? Whatever reason could be the reason. 


It is not the same talking as an insider or as an outsider. 


Every phsysical aspect has psychological implications. You can’t go deaf without feeling muffled (in an aquarium).


Tengo que aprender a convivir con eso. 


Todos los sordos son putos. 


The spiritual aspect of it completes them all. 


Google drive’s plugins for wordpress. 


Hosting is where the server stores your access to the internet. 


Sometimes, what I myself have to transcript, i don’t find it interesting. Sometimes it doesn’t resonate no more. Sometimes it is for another moment. Sometimes it’s just not as deep as something else I’ve written. Whatever it is, I will not stop. 


My right year got a lost worse in the past year. 


Books are meant to be read with passion. 


The return of the King. 


They are making them chase themselves. 


Instinto de supervivencia: would you dare to prove it wrong. 


Oscilatting between zero and one. 


No saben entre la multitud quien saludó y quién no.


Truth is not to be forced down anyone's throat.


Play it safe but adventurously. Safety is a matter of chance.


All who live in uncertainty are unpredictable.


We are as we feel good being.


As a philosopher I'm an artist and as an artist a philosopher..l,
I'm writing. Need my  own history. I don't know what is gonna be.


Tartan traditions.


Este es el v yo me estoy. Who’s asking? I give ye som’.


Los planos de rodaje sepooñ hacen para no perder tiempo. No te dejan nada a la interpretacion. Todo esta ahi, detallado. 


Los planos descriptivos inician o finalizan una escena para situar al personaje en un entorno. 


Solo tengo que pensar escenas desordenadas. El orden se da en postproduccion. En la edicion, el montaje. 


Hago este trabajo para meditar sobre esto. 


Una profundidad de campo mucho más amplia.


El foco elimina las distracciones.


I never payed attention at school or university and that is why it was difficult for me to discern what were the important parts to study. I ended up, many times, having unconventional exams. 


Inside each folder, a txt file explaining what’s in there.


I do not smoke when it is time for doing.


Weed slows me down.


Enjoy the downfall.


I travel beyond universes.


I'm Jung himself.


Vivo de espaldas al fuego.


I have to see the good in things to act on them.


Divide raw material into scenes. Group of shots. That's how you see it if you are the one directing.


Folders hold a parenting relation.


Those who don't behave are easy to be hated.


The greatest question. Todo es moda.
Parece mentira. 


Humour comes after shooting, not before.


The average degenerate.


I am one.
No band. No "one man band". One man. Many bands.


I know me.
Now I know me. I have found my soul.
Again.


Cumbia is one way to philosophy. Rodrigo Bueno got me thinking until now.
Pájaro que come vuela.


Many things can come out from a broken heart.
Many ways.


I'm ascending to the heavens. This is me ascension. Realization after realization.
9mmmml LM m
.
L
I'm LLP oññ
I predict everything I project that happens to me.


Undergo the one told way for everyone to see how bad it was.
Without ego tripping you become the story of your worst fears. 
Jesus was terrified. And tortured in the flesh.
Mel Gibson is a true artist.


People go "no te sigo en esa" pretty quickly.


Manso es poco.


De todos los ceros, uno. The one I represent. The only one. The one. Me. 
Every zero becomes one. The second nature of the soul.
Geometry sets the ground for how things were created.ñ


Become one artist.
Good first was an artist.


The black book is just an art project. From the akashic, just one. One level below. Everything that I have ever written, my whole life. In whatever paper, remember I it or not.


Movies get me to think bigger narratives.


Praise those who advocate for bigger creativities.


It makes sense to me. And it seems obvious as hell. But I hadn't thought of that. Now I know that. Knowledge is a sexual union.


"Más de una vez solo quise gritar" y ella rió. La escuché. Feliz cumple.


I cry as I write these.
K
Facing the fire. And not fearing it when it's behind you.
P pp pp
I played "y ya ves" plenty of time.


I offer any producer the masters of my own songs in their studios.


Que se coma el solito la cabeza.


Me dijo "si, después me la devolves". Y "yo no sé cuánto tiempo voy a estar viva". Le debo plata y ella cree que es un regalo. Ella cree que se sacrifica por darnos algo que no queremos ni pedimos. Ella no tiene nada que yo pueda querer. O eso cree.


Purple punch.
Blue widow.
Og Kush.
Balzer haze.


No hay fotos. Hay restricto.


La molesto no dándole bola.


Second wave black metal.


Fire tests gold, suffering test brave men.
Seneca.


Cable canon/plug.


Black metal is about noise.


How far can manipulation go.


Freedom of thought will always win.


Hard feelings there are on the entire palette.


Porque me dijo que no me lo iba a devolver se cree que no me lo tiene que devolver.


Disks should receive different names.


I started from pitch black.


Remember good moments.


Comenzal eating hot dinner blowing queso rayado while trying to eat a hot meal.


Priests are preachers. The white represents the light in the voice chakra. The black represents the unknown.


La historia de la evolución es una historia de la memoria.


Dios tiene memoria.


Irrational thought. Denialism.


Learn to love solitude.


A mathematical science of motion and completed his work.


You pick up what others left and continue from there.


Transforming death into glory.


I write on PC since I can’t make manuscripts in front of po people. 


-20 era el alumno. 


Ayer ni hablamos. 
Siempre me pareciste hermosa. 


Uno puede ser afectuoso desde el tacto. 


There are limits of respect in the tacto. 


I grabbed her hips from behind and I got closer until I could whisper in her ear. She unzipped my pants and grabbed, not so gently, my balls and dick. Cande.


A cowboy shooting his own eye by spinning his gun with his index finger.


I started to hate for stop believing in romance. Romance will keep you alive.


An act of letting go. Life becomes one. Phi.


Phantasies as they are phantoms.


Condemned of the consequences of your taste.


Make choices based on beauty.


Virtual realities. Architecture.


Responsibility to dream. An obligation to awaken. Make sense. Non trivial.


Obligation to dream and awaken.


The subtle mind understands the necessity for paradox.


The note per string sequence.


The archetypal characters of my dreams grow up.


The sun and moon are the biggest metaphors for how our psyche works. How our systems should be be built.


You make a song while learning something.
You learn while you make.


Drop the last bomb.


One good thought, one good word, one good deed. The way back from darkness and into the light.
Nietzsche.


Eyes for cognition rather than sight.


Donde esta la cuadratura del círculo.


There's no movement without rhythm.


I respect all intellectuals.


You can derail on ego.


Ego trips can get you under.


I reclaim my right to remain seated.


The purpose of restricting choice should always be to improve the ability to create systems. You’re not killing production, you’re deleting distractions, barriers, and confusions in the form of choices that somebody simply doesn’t need to be making.
-Max


Serrano despertó mí sensibilidad de chico.


When you are a child you just embody your imaginations.
Not because. Because you are incarnate. We incarnate. In the flesh.


In scripture is all about the wording.


For all that you'll find, you'd have to read it all. Not in a lifetime. It took me all those years to write it.


You have to find cold in the body, then your temperature lowers. You find to find heat in the body (nose) then your temperature raises.


No se sabe lo que piensa porque no para de moverse.


God is a maiden. How many have come to my home. 


Hallucinations are to believe that something happened in front of your eyes.


Just clean music. No talks. 


Just face it all.


First see the natural order. Then see its. flexibilities.


The devil is also a maiden.


I don't develop theories. I say what I think. One good thought. One good good word. One good act.


I all the time tried to be out of myself. Couldn't connect with environment. I made up my own stories.


Ludmi liked Betty Boop and Marilyn Monroe.


Devaluation. Edge. Insult. Not enough. Unsafe.


Narcissistic need of dominance.


Insults are psychological daggers.


Artists.
Discover the one. Podcast.


Narcisismo is a stage of.
I talk to those on the other side of the fence, whomever they may be.




With Paganini I met a heaven.
Theme of Rossini.


Not more expressive than classical.


The black books are a tradition started not by me. Many gave been the characters of history that has already call the black books. The black books are something you call. From the unconscious.


I know I'm not insane but a philosopher because of a more or less consistent logic. I possess my own Logos.


How do you express yourself on the internet.


Reset. Even if you don't want to.
Discipline.


What do you do with the information you get. That's the whole thing.


Listening to Paganini and showering with a yerba soap is the


Papá creía que era capaz de disimularlos en la casa.


En familia, nos hacemos todos autoconscientes 


I won't tell anyone what to do, but I'll tell you what you should all do. Go all in. Write your own black book. Wherever you are seated. You have the right to stand your ground.


You know how magical a book is.


There are ways to teach single sentences.


The horrors or fiction come into our world. 
The grandparents. Jumanji.


Fumanji.


The unconscious has its own process but starts where I put my attention to.


Nietzsche thought he owed.


Los ritmos de las clases eran insoportables.


Lentas. Poco didácticas.
Hay que ser maestro de maestros. A eso hay que apuntar. Enseñarse a aprender las mejor formas de aprender y enseñar. 


No one had teachings.


God grows through me.


God goes through me.


Milei went on an ego trip. 


I choose my mission for the world.


He thought no one could tell the difference.
That she was one out and one in. That she had the skills to fake. That no one could read her that way. But people do.


People want to know my secret. Here you go.


Don't be aware of others writing the black book.


Your black books encrypted.


Social network. The world's biggest book club.
Encrypted chapters. Can be sent and received, as public or as private.


I'm Jung with technology and another heart.


Religious people make the difference between them and others.


Me pongo una fecha. Me propongo algo y me voy.


Each black book is a school of thought.


A software that lets you modify the entire sentence. Subjects are interchangeable. Read everything about him. Everything about her. Everything about them. Everything about you. Everything about us.


I wouldn't say us if others didn't include me. I'd say you before.


Every stupid thing was sacred to her.


Just tell the truth.


He's cringe in his writings, not when he speaks.
He was a fool. He still is, still should be.


She played us tricks.


I'm assured that she knows that I can keep up with what she knows and thinks I don't. I surprise her admitting it.


Ellos nunca deberían haberse separado. Son hermanos. Y pasaron por mucho. Y se quieren. Y soy muy iguales.


It's a duty of an artist to reflect their times.


La siesta. That was worse. All those maidens.


I'll find relation with everyone I can. For my own wisdom, then the significant other. It's not a matter of intention but a matter of conclusion.


Institutions should dissolve the moment they serve no purpose.


Milei también es pueblo.


Hot showers and a lot of sun.
Allways cold.


They are hot and we are cold.


I'll make documentaries about interesting people in my city.


Tell me about what you know. And they'll give me knowledge. They'll willingly will show it to me.


I have a noble dream.


Danza clásica al ritmo de synthwave.


Fashion knows it is about the pants.


I have a guru. I have a band. I have a studio. 


Psychological journeys.


Speak for yourself.


Espert habla por si mismo.


The whole album mastered on mp3.


Bursts. 


I express myself in burst.


Music is both addicting and good.


Being loving.


Things to meditate on. 


Completa la frase. “La vida es…”:


Big mistake when believing that they are on board.


444 angel of harmony and music. 
Listen to pure tones for music purposes. 


Harmonize until they dance together. 


Art is my chance to explain.


Los pensamientos son gestos.


Art is only beautiful when it's true.


What is she like?


Is just a conversation between me and the archetypes. All inhabiting the unconscious.


El siete es el número que rompe toda la secuencia. 


Están drogando toda nuestra divinidad. Están drogando a dios. Las drogas naturales ilegales las drogas legales para domar a dios. Achicarlo, en vez de hacerlo crecer. Te sacan partes del cerebro.


As long as you get your sense of power elsewhere.


This hunger for power many people have for not having their wills fulfilled. Not even fulfilled. They are inactivated by someone else's will.


Hágase tu voluntad así en la tierra como en el cielo.


De frente al fuego.


Facing Satan like Gabriel.
Gabriel was my guardian angel.
I named him. My grandmother asked.


Somos cada vez mas.


La bandera con todos los colores está funcionando. Maybe it's about everyone having a voice. But was never needed. 


The difference lies in that this is conscious.


Soñé con Paula (Q). Me agarraba de atrás. Me preguntaba que era eso que estaba tocando. Le respondía que era el botón. Se sentaba en una silla con las piernas abiertas y me dejaba tocarle el muslo por abajo.


Faceless dress with ponytail painted on the floor.


I just ask for people to let me think.


I dreamt about hereditariy's head.  
It was dripping from a ping.


Es lo que pasa 


Cry until you get what you want. Cry louder. Cry harder. Cry longer.


Cohersive control.


"You know that we can talk".


Historical figures are political tools. I don't lose touch with reality. I touch me cat Milo as long as he lets me. Then he hurries to leave the room, I live right behind him.


Build up momentum when doing number two.


Build up momentum. In life.


Build up momentum as a way of living. Just cultivate, one seed at a time. Subtler smaller messages.


Quit smoking weed once in a while.


My shit wasn't what I pictured it to be. Nooddles.


His magazine with the beared man on a dress.


The unconscious is free association.


You don't know the mechanisms of it, and it is also building itself. I knew nothing before I came here, but now I know many things that I once knew and had forgotten.


States of mind localize different memories.


I cultivate states of mind for the drums. For the room.  For the stage. For the mic.
I'm going to step up.


If you step up and they crush just you. Impression enough will cause an emotion of injustice that will make the wheel keep spinning. Revenge. The other side of the cycle. Venge and revenge.
Vengeance and revengeance.


Stage of rage.


I think you have to believe in marriage to make it work. Otherwise who are you kidding.


Can you prove change. How.


Fuck question marks. Questions can be interpreted as statements.


I know it is me and just me in my writings. And I know it's not just me in the real world.


Academics have a reputation. Philosophers didn't.
I guess it is forgivable to some.
One thing is what they make you believe. The other one is how reality works.


Disgust to the mother is didgust to nature.


One album for each God.


Barong. Why am I afraid of strange gods? They'll teach me more.


All gods have something to teach us.


I'm an outsider. Of all, my own.


Cognitive disinhibition.


Creative geniuses.


Daimons. 


“This old man is not god”.


Not praying to the fraud. 


The mana personality. 


Every part of the dream is part of the dreamer. 


To what are we in service. 


Do not pray to the fraud. 


Christian ethos. 


This old man is not god. 
The father. 


The inflating father. The deflating father. The father complex. 


The religion of our childhood collapses in our adult life. 


What good serves the dead. 


There’s no good in death yet it is natural.


Mine are existential lyrics and I’m the one realizing it. 


Realising?


Hermetic logics. One lyric only posseses one logic in its entire system. If verse one and verse 2 have similiar variations between them they should also make chorus 1 and 2 have it in a style that is identifyable. 


What the wreck. 


I talk to the senses. Everything could be an existential crisis. Life ain’t worth it without it but the better we learn the basics the better so we are no longer scared and we can live it with joy and respect. 


You don’t trip others without their will. Tripping others = magic. 


Escohotado against magic. Only straightforward truth. He filtered his own language to only say the truth. No adjectives. No adverbs. Who knows what other tricks. 


It is nice to write on pc sometimes because of the bigger screen and bigger keys. 


There are allways new ways of sacarle provecho a la guitarra. 


Es mas importante el significado que la forma en que fue escrita. Si es lo mejor que pudo hacerse. Lo que mas pudo uno aproximarse antes de olvidarse exactamente a que se referia. 


Be specific. 


Make her feel special on demand.


Sex bombing. “I had never feel like this”. 
The only saver. The only one who can help. 


What are your insecurities. Your deepest fears. This will be used against you later. 


I’m a Phil. 


Lloraba y se ponia furiosa. Decia cosas muy desagradables. 


She’ll make you promise things. She’ll test you. The one being toyed with. Sheckyll and Hyde. Back and forth. Pulling you in to meet her needs for attention and admiration and then crush you. And she’ll crush you by highlighting your faults, your weaknesses, your insecurities, your fears. Where did that sweet goddess went. She’ll be back, but for shorter and shorter periods. 
The stage of confusion. Question your judgement. Your worth. Blend right in with her. To make you feel that you are lucky to have her. 
You’ll constantly praise her and never go against her. You’ll stop holding your ground. Because the consequences of standing up for yourself are too intense and too damaging. So you’ll start to shut down. To feel helpless. Maybe even anxious. Depressed. Because she’s eroting your sense of self. Breaking you down. And if you start to pull away, she’lll sense that right away. And she’ll give you a glimpse of what attracted you to her. 
She’ll separate you for your friends and family. 


You cultivate his fears. You sleep right next to him. Cultivating your fears. Both. Making communion. 


Aren’t we impressive machines?


What can philosophers say about god?


You become her possession. 


It’s as if she had ears all over the house. 


They hold grudges. 


Maybe it gets even to be that malicious. 


We come from truth. We go back towards it. 


Te enseñan “solo se que no se nada” como “no hay una verdad”. Que es mas arrogante? Pensar que solo porque nosotros somos hay una verdad, en vez de creer que la verdad eestaba ahi cuando aparecimos nosotros.


La izquierda solo trata de incomodar. Buscarle el pelo al huevo para que todo siga girando. 


Nigan todo, aunque sea verdad. La mala izquierda. La buena iizquierda existe, es honesta y cuestiona los principios absolutos con suficiente razon. 


Que tomas por principio, si no la vida? El origen de tu consciencia en la Tierra.


No puedo decir que no me importa, puedo decir que no se. Lo primero no me lo creo por mucho tiempo. Lo segundo siempre es verdad. Nunca vas a conocer todos los aspectos de una verdad. Wherever it comes. 


Tears of joy, human connection.


Does everything have a purpose? What is it good for?


Me pregunte “para que sirve el ser humano?” con el libro “Etica para Amador”. Uno tiene dudas que lleva consigo eternamente. Tiene que ver con el punto de vista en que percibiste. Desde que proyecto. 


Tired. Should sleep more. 


You should use magic to stop someone’s anger.
 
If we all used truth we wouldn’t need magic. 


Mis botas son un par de numeros mas, como recomendo Julio. 


Handwritten originals have so much power. 


I can be the fishing hook, been carried by the river stream. 


Isolation is a need. It’s necessary.


Erratic behaviour. 


The right to be left alone with our thoughts. 


Since we are always alone with our thoughts, that’s how it should be. 


Were we consciousness before existing? 


I knew the shadow hanging behind the door. 
Did I though?


La dialectica es entre pares. 
Una oracion abre y la otra cierra. 


One could split the opening or closing parts into smaller sections. In the midle, there is the climax. Endings should descend in intensity much slower than they do in most movies I got to see these days. 


Ineligible. 


You are nothing without a cool place to make your own. 


El rancho is such a cool place. 
There are other ranches, but this one is mine so it is for me, the ranch. 


When I move my eyes, things move with them. 


I love how the keyboard sounds. 


I'm both of them, but first I am myself.