It's all about the tone
Pme cam say
ots a;; abpit tje tpme
tjos os [petry
but may be 
also a dialogue
he asked himself
why do i care
and then he answered himself
and knew that he did it for the others
aint he stupid
you get used to a level of stupidity then numb yourself down with drugs.
you get there somehow
reventado tampoco
como icio un guion
como unicio una situacion como la de un hombre que lleva a un gay a expliar a la familia como va a ser la boda gay
la situacion inicial no tiene por que ser tan realista
nada tiene por que ser tan realista
puede vbien ser absurtda
imaginje your most funny characters in a scene together
whats a funny situation
a one that is akward whats your tone
whats the tone of your comedy
isnt it horror comedy
you can jumpscare people into plaughter or you can build it up
you dont feel it because you stopped hurting it
i stpeed in and saw what i wanted to learn
i got my dopamine from there
but now i know i dont need to know everything
now i know that once i start finding out what is it that like, ill go towards it
from here i can now the linmes
i cant know exactly what im typing
i know i make mistakes
but ic ant read
and i dont care whats written
ll do my best
character goes into a bar and orders a latte
hi i would like an expresso
the barista
yelling is heard on the background
the barista comes out of the kitchen
how would youlike it?
black
yes
el barista se aclara la garganta una vez que se da cuenta de que se refiere al cafe y no a el
se va 
character queda esperando
se sienta en un banco a un lado de la barra
de la cocina sale worm llorando de la cocina y se va a la salida
character mira  desinteresado
barista ve la secuencia 
if something works or not needs to be proven on camera
the deliverance is important
the characters, how well they are played
the stuff, how well it was casted
you cant put just anyone into a film
it was a strange way of contact with them
breaker
the software is named
it is a software to make verses of poetry
between two dots
you add breaks
you break  paragraphs
lines into paragraphs
you unite lines that are separated as well
if they belogn together
you start building your own book
ots not hard to have feelings like this
any situation could build up
man goes to buy cigarettes while his car is being filled with gas
hi, a pack of cigarettes please
the price is this
here you go
thank you
oh no, thank you
the car starts burning on fire immediatly explodes and 
the man goes out and smokes a cigarette
you never know if it was on purpose or not
he doesnt make any reaction
novio llega a la casa de chica
no conoce a nadie en la fiesta
saluda con un beso a quien esta en la entrada
despues va detras de su novia, se para en el marco de la puerrta frente a todos y saluda con la mano
hola
hola, dicen dos o tres
se queda parado mirando a la pared mientras retoman la conversacion y despues su nbnovia le trae algo de tomar
you can love them regardless doomer goes then into the couch with her, they stay for a while
a friend comes and request her
he then stays alone surrounded by this oeioke
the space that his girlfriend occupied was soon filled with two women chatting, the rest of the rorom was filled with the conversation theyt were having
no podia saber de que se trataba
se termino el trago
lo dejo en la mesa despues de tenerlo unos mionutos en la mano
penso que tan cerca estaria la forma de volver a llenarlo
se paro y fue a buscar un lugar donde fumar un cigarrillo. vio a su novia en el marco de la puerta con su amiga, hablando
hey
les dijo, y saludo
sabees dojnde puedo salira  fumar?
ajo atras hay 
i lighted his cigarette and met another woman, who went out for a smoke but didnt have nor cigaretete nor lighter
he thought she wasnt real until he remembered that she didnt have neither of them things
he gets back in and without emotion go and sit back down where he was before the cigarette
a conversation witha  girl that was like a dream
you didnt exactly know who te girl was, you couldnt eactly ask your girlfriend, it would be weird.
she would get mad
shhe-d think you are trying her out
youre testinghere
there is always an editing face
editing phase
fascismo
fascia
facha
cara
carismo
messsi king of the world
messi va a un bar y le dice que se vaya para alla 
do you need to be in the mood for lauging to write comedy?
do you nmeed to be in the modd of shitting our pants to write horror/
you should and could write every genre any time
western
building up
momentum
but what strory is so uinteresting
any story 
as long as its authentic
start narrating your dreams as if they were character on a play
cuanto tiempo mas les queda no lo se 
no me gusta pensar en eso
pero tampoco es que tenga mucha opcion
se los ve viejos yy enfermos
y gordos e inmoviles
exagerando siempre de cada un poco todo
resisting the sleeping part is the hard part
how do you introduce yourself into a comical situation
he came down from his tower that day thinking he was going to throw up
he didnt feel good from the stomach
the coffee seemed tasteless and the morning dull
it was the start of the week and you could breathe it in the air
dreaming is sweet
you go deep down there
you go with your ponylsess
its hard to resist, faalingasleep
if you stay laying down, how much energy do you think youll have 
images get louder, thoughts get louder
the sense of stillness increases your sleepiness increases
you close your eyes
you lay down
you remain still
there is a  gint spider in my room
big macho display in a toxito
are you better than us
kanye are you real
you are real
the most controverst
how do you not brain freeze
im acostumbrated to brain freeze
i should get out and adquire the stae for running
i could do it early in the morning
you just run and run and run and run and run and run and run 
running around throwing hands, are you stipiod
we are all learning fromthis same mentality that makes us powerfull
we do not need the power of tirannies
we need the power of manifestation of our wills ad the thought to choose properly where that lies 
where does that lines dewa
d
where is the line drawn
why is it so hard to imagine a dialogue between two people
whjy cant i imagine an interaction that is funny
funnt is somethi g that is practiced
and ive been doing it my whole life
it does not matter the formate
formatte
formaggio
one by one
cadena de varores
she sents me friend request,
i send her friend request
i accept from her
the other her accepts from me
putting breaks to noise
this is all noise
many lines are uselsess
maybe not in the right context
but i do nt know what that one is
funny things come in all seriousness
domo tu no hay dos 
encontre un parecido a mi
en la forma de sentarnos, nos sentamos iguales
en la forma de pensar
en la forma en la q qque el piensa
no en los pensamientos eni en las conclusiones si no en la forma en la que organiza la informacion
consume muchas drogas psicodelicas
vicenT
where lies the funny 
its in the build up
there is no time exxact to start laughing
there is a funny situation
what is a a funny situation
what makes me laugh
we move inside the same logics
they pay no attention
please
deliver the wisdom to prove provide laughter
he commented on every thing that i did
it is a friend that better too keep not so close
.
the differences are in the tones
tones are grades
are things that are continuated
no discrimination between saltical points
significative pointsm do not cease to be yet pases on to the next
we are the sum of the past moments
0 (totality)= 1(now)+-1(past)
is it hard to write touching your body without stimulating it?
how can you resist stimulating yourself?
stimulation is the problem
not temptation
you could be tempted to do many things, but you do not stimulate yourself to do those things
you do not do whats wrong because you already know it
but once you know
before is not possible
the past is done
should we be done with the past or the past with us
there were times were i didnt showfer of every 3 days
maybe he was depressive and didnt know it
like she is, and no one seems to notice
she doesnt talk much
i cry for the child of her
its fine that i touch myself 
im just writing
theres nothing wrong with that
i love her
i wish she realised 
shes letting herself go
Im the one writing
so im the one thinking
so im the one telling myself things
i cannot come if its not sensual
different feelings could be misinterpreted
we do not like thinking of our childhoods
they are confusing
the most confusing times of our lives
the most confusing interactions
the mos t profound ones
what do you mean
what do they mean
what do you mean
do you mean
something
the old man
i love the old man
i cry for the old little woman
there are some truly pieces opf shit
you don tmeant who do you dont meat
ask before its too late
ask the big questions
i want to touch only the keyboard but i cant
my fingers move myself in ways i cant describe
i can type
shake out of your dreams
you need to type
type faster
type stronger
how do you type in order for you not to fall asleep
is it refreshing to write like this
isnt this conditioning oneself to be aroused around keys
open new plays
let it write
why are you faalling asleep
what is wrong with you
why are you contracting
stop
stop it
keep it in the samwe way
who has perfect rates? 
no on can
100%
aspire to 99%
.
vitel tonne
i should be comfortable writting like this
like no line is more important than another
every dot, a division is made. 
no matter whatt division is made
it is made indeed
i couldnbt di tgus ub ne bed, wruttubg kayubg dfidbwkub kiuje tgus
wiuthougt jnoving
fuckujnasdmaksdmalksdmalskdmalksmdlaksmdlaksmdaskdmalksdmlaksmdlkasmdklasmdkls;dlkam;slkdm;laksmd;laksmd;lkamd;lksmdf;klsmd;kfms;dfklms;dklmf;skdlmf;slkdmf;slkdfm;sdklmf;asdlkfma;sdkfmas;dfma;sdklfm;asdlkf;sakldmf;asdklmf;asdkfasldfkfdksla;sldkfmdkdlss;alsldkfmdkdksls;alskdmfkdksl;s;alskdmfkdls;a;sldkfmdksla;sldkfmdksla;sldkfmdksla;sldkfmdksla;sldkfmdksla;sldkfmdksla;sldkfmdksla;sldkfmdksla;sldkfmkdsla;sldkfmdksla;sldkfmdksla;sldkfmdksla;sldkfmdksla;sldlfkdmaksld;fldkdmamfmfm
.
formatting through programming
scanning images and text of books
compilation
praying on someone’s insecurities
predators pray on someone’s insecurities
a king can be killed
whom would you reproduce with
those you choose
dont you
its what makes sense
from  an evolutionary biology point of view
ignore the state in which i write all this things
no baja nunca
por algo al final no se lo bancan
stop rpovvoking
the way in which things are wrritten doesnt matter
there are so many people on this planet
choose one
really
you are one
should you choose one mirror
los palos no son tan importantes
check whats opainting
what lines do matter and what dont
un futbolista puede hacer historai
the great final cup
messi king of the world 
the messieyou dont know whos coming, thew good guiro or the bad guiro
chan chan chan chanchan chan chan chan chan chan
maybe they are a duet of gays
this plants watered by many
i forget what we are talking about
lets give another hand to the sun
but once this sun is done, and cannot be avoided
i singlehandledly painted the entire murellium
my source of inspiration is in my writings
brainstorm
tone
loops
living loops
CA
.
what do you count for
whats on your mind
what phrases are repeatead
what do you want to type
what do you need to type
what do you need to move forwaRD
THINGS ARE STILL
AND YOU REMAIN PLANTED
MY JOB IS TO BUILD AND THAT I SHOULD KEEP DOING 
no caps
una postura horrible
no hay que hablar todas las cosas
no hay que cerar los ojos todas las veces
no hay que dormirse
hay que ducharse para activar
hay que tomarse unos mates y fumar cuando no necesites tu smanos
si lo que buscas es escribir, tus manos deberian estar en el teclado
no podes ser un pajin
no podes limpiar
no podes cocinar
no podes comer
no podes tomar mates
no podes pensar
no podes toamr
no podes
no podes
si estas escribiendo no podes
debes estar escribiendo
fuck tnhat shit he wont golve it to you
what do you think they mean when they believe they know that through wrtittings they can know the mental state of a person
i search for personalirties
i like personalities
but
not fo fuck
no puedo escribir con las manos detras de la cabeza
el sinte
la guitarra
puedo enchufar
you can go your gthoughts backwards
a line one guy said once is taken as eternal truth and truth about the spirit
that is demential
to each their own
find the righteous path
the wrongeous path
and choose
but choose well
there is no bad better than other
there is no good better than other
he can be repented bt heart
but once you are too far into it, you are in the wrong
there is no way around it
no excuse
no justification
it stops with the good as easily as it would have in the first step
but its now not the first step
so it needs to stop now
you need no psychological tricks, you need will alone
the will of a nation
does that mean anything
is there one nation
realisations come to me
the other side of things
realisations about history
realisations about all of those videos that i saw
the fifth element represents tthis so well
the opening eye fo the world to the rhorrors of life
you cant drink mate and write
build up momentum
from random lines come up with an idea 
a new idea
a communication with the machine
its always done an interaction with it
como mari jane 
ponele
mari jones
desconfiado del spaghettti
comiendo yerba
salsa de tomate
mintinendo para no salir
no pintando las cosas
no hjaciendo las cosa
s
no hago las cosas que no creo que tengo que hacer
la gente cree que hablo cosas de mi pasado como si las creyera ahora
YYYYYYYYYSDDFAdsAdasd
adsdatyyyy
y ahora se acomodo
el teclado se chisporroteo
la tecnologia puede fallar
o algo puede estar mal configurado
es por el software que legamos al hardware
al reves
es por el software que llegamos al hardware
al reves
es por el hardware que llegamos al software
.
la idea es to print your own fucking worrds on paper
and then print a  book with it
you start it with a few lines
you dont know when its going to end
loops
.
loops are separated between breaks
breaks in memory
breaks
you now have the chance to split or merge
you either split or you merge
from one comes two
or from one comes bigger one
from the one that comes two, new possibilities allign
.
were they, or were they dionisiac
.
you know this line doesnt belong
but you dont know if its single or if it could belong with another one
you yet dont know
you have to move it around
you can edit and save as many files as you want
as many versions as you want
its a big poem of yourself by yourself with notes
that you took
on how to fix your internet 
or how to make chocolate mousse
ayuno
you surround with the people you are with
ah rre
.
some things just dont belong
but the game is to add breaks where you know for sure there is
.
that is the game
estrofas
al vapor
mmmhhh
.
im a son of both the christ and the antichrist
the image of jesus and the image of manson
the portal to my nightmares
and the portal to my heavens
do you see something different
do you know when to break a paragraph?
why would you do that now and not in the future when you better know how things are separated
you can move around the paragraphs contained between two dots
it would be as small as the original
its just text formatting
text formatting tools
for coding
coding text formatting
call the things you wish you knew
estaba enviciado a salir
culpa de quien es eso
de los padres od de la cultura
quien debiera cuidar de los vidcios de los hijos
las calles son peligrosas
pero tampoco podes ejar a tus hijos sin lebertad
encerrados en cutro paredes las gentes se vuelven locas
accedian a la vueltita porque ella queria la vueltita
a veces me dejaban solo aun cuando yo no queria
he has his needs and things they need to be satisfied
he believes that
youcannot write what you cannot type
tyyuou cannot type what you havent yet prepeared
hands on keyboard
hands on keyboard
hands on keyoard
hands on keybnbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbboard
hands on keyboard
my sister learned to love me
she hated me as well
i was fafraid i was going to look
but i tdidnt want to do that
the compulsion is a fear that you might do something you dont want to do
tengo que salir a comprar comida para los gatos
y darles agua y comida
y esperar que quieran volver
supongo que volveran
porque esos gatos andan todos por aca
andarian los gatos en manada
como harian en la selva si se conocieran
una jungla de gatos
hands on keyboard so you can decide what you type and what you dont type
vidce is thinking that tehe best part havent yet come
that you now already smoked weed and thats gone and so now you will drink mate and that will make you another dopamine ruush
and then you decide to do something else
its not the same to tytpwe watching the birds than to type watching nothing at all
like watching the screen
or closing one’s etyes
i do not care what im typing
the app is for editing
the typo nmistakes
and moving paragrapsha round
between two breaks
there are leads on how to build this program everywhere
you just have to build it on your mind
da vinci didnt build shis things from scratch from day one
it was a process that took time to byuild, all of his life mayvbe
regression that make ones wiser
im looking to be wise
i look not to be fooled
when not doing something is the good thing
it takes no time to build
hands on keyboard
how coulld you write moving
how could you write without having to private yourself from doing stuff
writing for the multitaskers
.
Whatever you add is now part of the blackbook
That's funny. Confusion. Different reactions to the same interaction. One scared the other one calming the other one down.
The calmer down is a psycho killer and he kills all his victims like this.
Illogical conclusions. That's funny
The calmer just said he wouldn't do anything and they believes him.
The calmer.
The calmer is both more calm than anyone else and calming whoever seeks calming. Calming everyone.
When asked the most beautiful of all things, Diogenes the Cynic (412-323 BCE) replied parrhesia
the coinage of custom and convention that was, he maintained, the false currency of morality.
Diogenes proved to the later satisfaction of the Stoics that happiness has nothing whatsoever to do with a person’s material circumstances, and held that human beings had much to learn from studying the simplicity and artlessness of dogs, which, unlike human beings, had not complicated every simple gift of the gods
When asked, on another occasion, where he came from, he replied: ‘I am a citizen of the world’ (cosmopolites), a radical claim at the time, and the first recorded use of the term ‘cosmopolitan’. 
As he approached death, Diogenes asked for his mortal remains to be thrown outside the city walls for wild animals to feast upon
Jung and Diogenes came across as insane by the standards of their day. But both men had a depth and acuteness of vision that their contemporaries lacked, and that enabled them to see through their facades of ‘sanity’. Both psychosis and hypersanity place us outside society, making us seem ‘mad’ to the mainstream. Both states attract a heady mixture of fear and fascination. But whereas mental disorder is distressing and disabling, hypersanity is liberating and empowering.
.
As Jung puts it:
The condition of alienation, of being asleep, of being unconscious, of being out of one’s mind, is the condition of the normal man.
Society highly values its normal man. It educates children to lose themselves and to become absurd, and thus to be normal.
Normal men have killed perhaps 100,000,000 of their fellow normal men in the last 50 years.
.
Many ‘normal’ people suffer from not being hypersane: they have a restricted worldview, confused priorities, and are wracked by stress, anxiety and self-deception. As a result, they sometimes do dangerous things, and become fanatics or fascists or otherwise destructive (or not constructive) people. In contrast, hypersane people are calm, contained and constructive. It is not just that the ‘sane’ are irrational but that they lack scope and range, as though they’ve grown into the prisoners of their arbitrary lives, locked up in their own dark and narrow subjectivity. Unable to take leave of their selves, they hardly look around them, barely see beauty and possibility, rarely contemplate the bigger picture – and all, ultimately, for fear of losing their selves, of breaking down, of going mad, using one form of extreme subjectivity to defend against another, as life – mysterious, magical life – slips through their fingers
.
We could all go mad, in a way we already are, minus the promise. But what if there were another route to hypersanity, one that, compared with madness, was less fearsome, less dangerous, and less damaging? What if, as well as a backdoor way, there were also a royal road strewn with sweet-scented petals? After all, Diogenes did not exactly go mad. Neither did other hypersane people such as Socrates and Confucius, although the Buddha did suffer, in the beginning, with what might today be classed as depression
.
While they might seem to be living in a world of their own, this is only because they have delved more deeply into the way things are than those ‘sane’ people around them
.
It is a philosophy which believes that existence precedes essence.
.
What they taught me has implications
Questions bring implicit other questions
I know now what I am
Un pesado el loco
.
We are each the sun of our own lives
What's the feminine side of the sun
The masculine side of the moon
Overwhelmed you can't have great ideas
.
I'm like Ignatius
Like no other
Writing big bosses
Piling them away
Catching the bone
Like that dog
.
Life is poetry 
Poetry is the ability to say exactly
The senses mix all
.
My writings are of no importance
What's of importance is the format
I keep writing to improve the format
For once I know how to build the software
I have the format to start with
.
El mejor compositor de gualeguay según el caba, así le dijo a Laura balzer
I'm married to my work
Nombres y apellidos indican singularidad
Exclusividad
Inclusividad
following the logic many have in the past give you conclusion about a subject
when a line is not what you were going to say but comes up like that anyways
who knows how many sentences where unsentenced
what do you mean by this? It is good to be entangled to your noon
How to stop hanging out
You need to think the movements before you can do them mechanically
Cancel what you are not going to pursue
There are leaders
There are those good and those bad
The keyboard is used better left-handed
My left hand is tired of writing
My right hand is sore from holding the phone
.
Artists show an idea. Politicians sell ideas to you.
No respect to the powerful
Tendrás un problema con los extremos
Voy 
.
Both disgust and pleasure need to be satisfied
You come to believe you're the only one who knows this
False
Boolean true or false
Let things decant
Let's find words let's call it meme
Do you know what things meme, Ma'am?
Powerful people commit powerful crimes
Facebook was clean
People can interchange whatever they want through applications
Media
Information
Communication
Use your words
She used to be so happy with those little jokes at the end all jokes became faster
Gastaded
This is a draft it always was it always will be
All writers have writing systems
No absolutes
Idea keywords
Moments didn't stay prints of your memories garage went wrong and green after she dies they won't be together all brothers fight they have always fought they get along
You stay with people's confusion in your mind
No one address me I address no one back they ask stupid questions I ask stupid questions back they believe I'm a mummy
I don't like writing what I didn't mean 
I don't mean what I don't say
.
Atirduded fuck it further mistakes try to type don't look back at eBay you are trying is this keyboard we smaller I could type faster this easy I can type with my eyes closed if only I could customise by dictionary for words u use as a way to analyze this is life is not like every story there are many ways to a variant RBI si I care where my phone is is in writing mine this maybe I won't get a hinted percent right but native don't of it is and u can then add it to the program ASA way input e debo mil cien pesos a saca were no me pague no tengo que olvidarme de datos cuando no vea la orina vez crashing is to cont back creative to find after query iniciamos la activada del año a resfrío si debería memo I Davey sentido el libro se trata de hacer sentido es un Excel Robert good reencontrar todo lo que alguna vez escribiste según julio no no le pasamos tres el tramo a la tierra trata tres la firma de poder escribir sin tener que mirar i just have to remember where to look at you do not want to put you to clay joderte por boludo this is not already there I do not n she daughter this is how I know I'm going I can't figure on one thing things move forever will use DIY in Fuji us is true thanks for getting bringing him back to town back u yo ya hija julepe the interview o don't know the bleed I don't know
.
Not all 
Pulir the experience so you have nothing but diamond in the end
One single word is one verse
One verse of one word becomes a keyword
You see a chop of text, you add the dots, you change the units (characters between dots)
Larroca and roll
Do you know where the wild things go
Are we suggesting holy war?
.
"SORRY, BUT I'm still scared.
Fears are not logical, and solution to fear are even less logical, according to psychologists.
Fear is our primary and ancestral help to save ourselves from danger."
The difference between before and after fap is that after you foxate in girls you'd like and watch. After fap you don even care or stare or imagine.
How do you spend your time it all reduces to that
The way of the water has no beginning no end.
There's no shame on being an outsider
You play the game however you want to
.
Elijo creer que tengo razón y voy a seguir mí punto hasta el final
Pruebo que mi sistema funciona siguiendo mí camino y viendo su funciona estoy apostando a lo que yo creo que es verdad no importa nada lo que crean los demás es tu realidad tu propósito y tu ambición
Getting anxious about writing weight wire
.
watch your brain
wash your brain
tell it to not think
use the ram
forget about last night
what about that cringe
what about the things that im mistaking
the things that im forgetting
i do not need to watch outside to type
i prefer low buttons to high buttons but still the typewriter has the best typing because of its sound
i compromise to give all my things away
what is one mans word
you cant keep your word forever
words come after some thought and thought changes
thought is supposed to change
belief changes our thoughts
there is no way thoughts arent corresponded by belief but your beliefs could be false
it seems that we are approaching an era
3 times champion, to the 3 last champions
cj
CJ meant something for me first, before gta sa was out
mutilation of the text
why he acts so
seeking charm
open a door
charm known to the trees
Izdubar, mighty hunter, the Nimrod of the bible, 
from babilonia to greece and changed to herakles (herculus)
overthrow of the tyrant khumbaba, king of elamites
a curious dream interpreted
kind of satyr
Satyricon
satyr that lived in the forsts
intimate terms with the wild beasts. 
overcome khumbaba 
in this forst the gods and the spirits had their abode
the confines of the forest which surrounded the palace
perceived its height, its approach
the land of the pine trees
good was its shadow, full of pleasure, an excellent tree, the choice of the forest
the black pine of eridhu, the tree of life
encountered and slewed 
tablets recorded were mutilated
the chaldean acocount of genesis
the power of hearing and answering him
hea bani praises one tree and sneers at another, not appearing why he acts so
seeking a charm
open a door
mentioned
known to the trees
king of erech
the goddess istar fell in love with him, but he rejected her advances, whereupon she caused grievous trials to fall upon him, and, in addition, slew hea bani
the law of the immportals
que me importals
mucha gente alrededor no se sabe quien es nadie
do you like my adcances
travel through strange lands
supernatural beings
under the protection of the gods, allowed to continue the journey
shores of the ocean, the waters of deat
the trees of this forest bore as fruit emeralds
and other precious stones
two maidens named siduri and sabitu
mistrusted and refused access
the immortal shore
full instructions how to at, his ancestor gave him
b following which he gained all his desires, and returned safely 
forst of maidens or flower women
cimmerian forest
pluck a twig, endeavor
orpheus fingering his lyra for the loss of eurydice
abandonment of grief
ffirst melancholy strains were heard
a forest of elm trees sprang up
under one of which i reposed after my expedition to hades failed
enchanted forests full of magic
the quest for the holy grail
adventures of the gallant knights
arthurian romance
chivalry of bygone ages
the wisest man in the world should love her
he needs wisdom
she needs love
merlin told her many of his magic secrets
his love overpowered all his wisdom
he was for ever lost and withdrawn fromm the world of men
a ruined dolmen
the fountain of belenton or baranton
where merlin was said to have met the fay
amazing wonder of the fountain of brecelien
the water changes into vapour
great clouds filled with hail
air becomes thick with shadows
resonant with the muttering of thunder
many pieces of books compose mine
physical registry of each of my entries
each day i make a back up
constantly bringing back momentum
things that did not happen that embarrassed me: i didnt refuse that joint, i didnt fight a friendly fight with faca
its a boa that is alive
inside her mouth
goes white goes blonde goes by
y que pasa si exagero todos mis defectos
y que pasa si me adueno de todo lo que alguna vez dijeron de mi, y que pasa si me adueno de todos los errores que cometi
que pasa si me adueno de mi vida, mis ideas, mis pensamientos, mis acciones
que pasa si me responsabilizo por las consecuencias, aun sin poder nunca habrer sabido cuales iban a ser
como ser inconsecuente, paso uno, sentir, paso dos, hacer lo que sentis
no agaches la cabeza rey se te va a caer la corona
there is no morality in humour
a laugh is always good
or so did i thought
but there are those laughs of the perverse
of the ones who recognise suffering and rejoice with it
the ones that do not happines around them, the more people feel like this discomfort is overtaking them, the more it pleases the miserable
.
We should act as if we knew what we were doing 
All the big opportunities that I missed it was always about love first experiences weren't the same 
Ana the moon
Ana The sun
Ana empire of the sun
It would have been egocentric of me to think that you were there already for me 
I missed the shot I missed the opportunity 
The biggest shot is coming
You didn't ever choose me 
I'll show you 
You broke my heart
Walk the moon Ana sun
This song makes me think of her 
I loved her
I thought of her often
She asked things of me I couldn't give or didn't know how to
Oh anna sun
This house is falling apart
aNNa
We generate the experiences 
You said you had a boyfriend
They used to go out
Now that he's with someone you want to be with him 
It's hot for both
It's in the subtle things
You realise
No prostituyas a tu novia 
Una vida de alcohol y prostitutas 
Everything connects as a fiction
The first day I realise 
I think it's only that I realised her beauty 
I'm glad he sees it this way too
We didn't get along when we were together
Fiction just becomes 
One just writes
She tried to get my attention then got away
Dormilón
That's what I said
Ana or higher
Walk the moon
If I would have been sober I would have talked to her
I wouldn't have doubted it
I'd be more awake
A puffed dream now that I'm here in my room
I don't like being in that good mood
I could send her a message
I don't know if she's with someone or not
I'm not my best self surrounded by random people 
Feliz año Ana
Hasta mañana Ana 
Excesos de confianza
Soy dulce a sus oídos 
You forced me to say something and it came out the wrong way.
It wasn't exactly that she was asleep from the beginning
Cómo hilas los versos después ves
Lo podes mandar último al que no es para del escrito
Última línea de un txt 
If they don't know where it belongs it's not my problem
James Bond
I don't have the guts
I see myself as being observed
He doesn't
Things that bother you have nothing to do about it
.
Is my neck broken
Hollywood images
Horrible images in my mind
Don't describe a thing
A putrefact thing 
The seen can't be unseen
Let your eyes disconnect without you falling asleep
Crossing your eyes is all it takes
The big woman strangling me
Desires to be alive
Your whole purpose is building up momentum
.
Repulsion and pleasure two sides of the same coin
Jung named his different personalities and referred to them as archerypal
.
So long as the dreams existed were astral even dogs and cats dream
.
Don't say what you plan to do say how you plan to do it
Tell your friends not your plans but yours ways
I didn't know the right way to ask for help
No one answered me as fast as I wanted to
I wanted to interact so much with people that was my only concern 
I was extremely extraverted and pushed inwards into being intraverted 
Not repressed but shamed 
I lost all belief in myself and my capabilities and here I am believing I am God as much as everyone else and when I'll make them understand much closer I am 
I'm still like that when I'm not stoned 
I'm still deep and muchinmythoughts 
Dovonewordscometomedontdependonanyoneelse
You have to spread what everyone can do
I'm a dying man
If your tired of style you're tired of life
I am on your side
I can't feel guilty every time I someone hurts my feelings 
.
All my functions integrated. More S.
Functions belong as well to the pain of not being the plain of going
Of going into ones mind
This is the format
Quien se ha tomado todo el vino
Extraversion of emotion
Introversion of emotion
That's what it means
That's what's inwards or outwards
People are extraverted with their mouths 
Not many are extraverted with their hands and feet
Introversion is a way of expressing 
After all we express to ourselves and ourselves only
Amor y libertad
Verdad
Filosofía
Justicia
Percepción
.
23 days to control Aristotle
With bloody eyes
And nice physique
Rolling down the greek columns
And appearing into the Isle of all greats of history
Macri asking if I was a falopero and I saying yes and laughing while looking at faquita
.
Soledad la mejor consejera
She's hunting the predator
Everyone that's not a predator is going to feel a predator
They teach our women to castrate us, control is instead of teach us how to be competent men
The problem is to offend God
Free will is infinite creativity
In potentiality we are all everything
There's also men who fight predators because not all of them are but they'll insist until the end
They won't trust you
Interment distrust
They are showing us the demons they wanted happening
It is the P ruling of the world. In other times it was the J. Medieval times. Excess of order. Abuse of power. 
The world is ESFP
Different philosophies have different personalities
Communists INFJ
Capitalists ESTP
Some need to think more others need to feel more
Mother fucker
She says what she's capable of
You say what you are capable of
Regardless
You be mistaking yourself with the best of the world
No app.
The answer will amaze you. If your have nothing important to think is better that you don't.
Feel, live. Drained you are if negative emotion helds within for longer periods of time.
En el rancho tengo oro
En el rancho tengo todo
Toda realidad tiene su arquetipo
PiluBMaluJuliC
Somanytodedicate
Onefapforall
Is like shooting empty bullets
Why did I harm my own body
Why did I make that decision
Was it the wisest
Higher intelectuales than that there are 
She stripped herself naked before my eyes
I didn't want to look at her because my ding would dong
My dong would ding
My song would sing
.
Bury it in the ground
The plants and trees should be
To properly grow
.
Will the true feminine woman come this way
Death is guaranteed
Become extreme
.
Euse cut my finger with a knife, it was already insalvable. He removed I believe the tip. I tried to still play guitar with it. I asked if it was a lot that was removed. He said yes. It was the index finger of my left hand. I didn't feel no pain. I regretted letting them convince me into cutting my fingers. 
El que codifica las cartas es uno, así como el que codifica los escritos es uno.
I'm an artist I have no country
I'm pariah I have no patria
Lowerchest workout
.
The ability to keep real darkness away
Not used to feeling lucky
Well… you should be 
If you're going to complicate your life do it for the right reasons
Hers see the predators
You'll falsify your own psyche if you falsify your words?
Todas las mujeres tienen corazón de madre 
Todos los hombres tienen corazón de padre
Testosterone makes effort feel good
Wise people find the spirit in every word
Old couples keep their arguments a secret. They discuss when no one else is around. They don't want anyone else hearing
Empático. He described that as a good quality to have when aspiring to be a psychologist.
Solzhenitsyn was a psychologist of a kind.
Nietzsche was. Dostoyevsky was as well.
the Persian tradition of dream interpretation, dreaming that you cut off an index finger is the omen of unhappiness and misfortune.
I tried to play the guitar with my left index finger cut off
He revolea his knife around
We are between friends
Estamos entre amigos facu no hay necesidad de volverse tan hostil
Llegó a un punto en el que no me interesa en lo más mínimo hacer coherencia en mis escritura
Psyche logic is in the written word
Nonsensical dreams requires sensical information 
What's happier than myself
Don't you know in dead
Don't you know
I'm a liar
Making blocks
Creative moves
On a riot
Against myself
Don't you know I'm dead
Don't you know
In the end of times you'll know I'm a killer
In the end of times you'll know I'm a liar
In the end of tones you'll know that I'm fine
We are all zeroes
Every dream is a message from an angel
If you're obsessed with a subject you'll dream of it 
Intensively
Princesa Mariana
Profesora
Hot
Hermana de María.
Seria
Linda
Who knows if I'm not making this up
I'm falling asleep
What was her name?
.
The seventh son of seven
O dreamt of war in a Skyrim like era
Medieval fantasy sorcery
Kind of like rust where my ceiling was exposed and I was reminded to repair it as soon S possibly to avoid having someone in the house
A Jung faced character 
his face was exactly like him
I named him yesterday
He's a loved father
Many don't understand it
Life is a stage
You either perform or you don't
It's a karmic dream but not all come out of it the same way
Carry on you shoulder the weight of the world
The universe was given birth 
From a matter and a fatter
Name’s room, which is a personification of hell itself, is filled with the smell of rotting flesh.
Let us restore innocence to becoming
Nothing more powerful than an idea in development
You need to die and be born again
Outgrow your pain
El tiempo es más sabio que todos nosotros
its been a while since ive written here
im so used to my typewriter
maketypingmoreeffective
canyoutypewithoutspaceshere
donotcorrectmygrammar
.
Was like a birthday I went near the fire
Paula quaretti was there sitting down nearby alone taking heat from the for but not being part of the group 
There was a fire
Others were coming to go inside it looked like a party
There were a few guys out there that seemed tough
Soñé con Marian me decís que había compras como diez rebenque para hacer
Make space for other people to be themselves
I regret every time I interrupted a conversation with him, only because I couldn't hold my tong. I would have loved letting him speak. I'm glad he's okay now. Apparently not anemic anymore.
I'm losing friends just like I lost my left index finger
Some will be true some will be not
The phone is also a crutch
Demoralisation can turn down any king
Honour and respect don't last forever
reading people to determine their truthfulness
people outherejusthavingfunandmethinkingtheyarewastingtheirlives
a break adder to text
sexisaboutunionandthereforecannotseparar
separationofideaandimpulseofbodyiswhatmustbeachieved
tothinkandtoactasone
todesireandtowillthesame
whywouldyoudesirewhatsnotthehighestgoodforyou
canyouputthehighestatthetopiftherearenohierarchies
hierarchiesimplythatgoodandevilarentthesame
ifforeverythingthatisbadthereissomethingthatisgood,thenthegoodshouldbedone
butwherearethegreyareas
mostcertainlyisnotgoodtocoveronesheadwithblackclothesjustbecausetyouareawidow
thepurificationofthereligionwasdonebythemuslims
theabrahamicreligions
buthowmanymorethereare
andhowmuchdoweneedthem
nothingwillgetbetterifyoukeeplivinginthepast
readabookinyoutube
dared
spared
spare
sparetire
They reject the world
Monks
The integration of the world is the final card
Words of kings talking about God
The word of God is every word
Obsession with the written word is not white, it is religious
Is this the fastest way to type on phone?
Is my chin sharper than what it was before
Carry the weight of the world on your shoulders
Why would we care for other than our planet
We have our responsibilities with this planet
It's not up to the writer to discern what's knowledge from what's merely an opinion
Opinionated women aren't bad for any system 
Not keeping ones mouth shut is bad for any system
You don't know your face until someone loves it
This is a draft and it's private
You don't know you can't read it until it's too late
integration of the world is the final step
one of the strangest intellectual figures of his century reject absolutely the leveling world of democracy, capitalism, multi-racialism and technology at the outset of the twenty-first century. Their acute sense of cultural chaos can find powerful relief in his ideal of total renewal."[73] engaged "warrior spirit" a model of man striving to reach the 'absolute' within his inner self". sense of superiority which is experienced inside by the soul, and a noble demeanor, which is expressed in the body. Meditations on the Peaks: these "virile heroes" are both generous and cruel, possess the ability to rule, and commit "Dionysian" acts that might be seen as conventionally immoral. For Evola, the left-hand path embraces violence as a means of transgression.[69] differentiated individuals" following the left-hand path use dark violent sexual powers against the modern world. 
Women, slaves, and children all participated in a range of religious activities
The Roman calendar was structured around religious observances 
Christianity was eventually the most successful of these cults skeptical among Rome's intellectual elite such as Cicero, who was an augur, saw religion as a source of social order. 
 Roman religion was practical and contractual, based on the principle of do ut des, "I give that you might give". 
 archaic religion was the foundation of the mos maiorum, "the way of the ancestors" or simply "tradition", viewed as central to Roman identity. 
 The Romans thought of themselves as highly religious, and attributed their success as a world power to their collective piety (pietas) in maintaining good relations with the gods. Their polytheistic religion is known for having honored many deities. 
 They aimed to provide a "soul" to the burgeoning Fascist movement of the time through the revival of ancient Roman religion, and to influence the fascist regime through esotericism 
 bring the members' individual identities into such a superhuman state of power and awareness that they would be able to exert a magical influence on the world. 
 active impersonality 
 Turba philosophorum, or Gichtel's Theosophia practica were published in the journals of UR and KRUR 
 Magic as Science of the Ego 
 they preferred to spread their thought rather than advertise their own person. 
 Italian esotericist association, 
 quale Scienza dell'Io 
 Guénon, whom Evola called his "master 
 cultured magic" 
 return to pre-Christian spirituality 
 advocate for the ancient Roman aristocracy 
 the State should reflect this "ordering from above" and the consequent hierarchical differentiation of individuals according to their "organic preformation 
 these "two natures" impose form and quality on lower matter and create a hierarchical "great chain of Being. 
 doctrine of the "two natures": the natural world and the primordial "world of 'Being 
 awakened the capacity to see from the nonhuman viewpoint, which is the same as the Traditional viewpoint ... Traditional truths have always been held to be essentially non-human 
 advocacy of supra-rational intellectual intuition over discursive knowledge. 
 Evola discovered the power of metaphysical mythology while developing his theories. 
 God does not exist. The Ego must create him by making itself divine 
 unconstrained liberty, and therefore unconditional power 
 ever-increasing unity with the "absolute individual 
 "magical idealism", which held that "the Ego must understand that everything that seems to have a reality independent of it is nothing but an illusion, caused by its own deficiency."[75][76 
 Absolute Spirit and Mind into a philosophy of the "absolute individual" and action 
The thing about ghosts is you are never going up see one
You don't have to believe in other than I
 Some public rituals could be conducted only by women, and women formed what is perhaps Rome's most famous priesthood, the state-supported Vestals, who tended Rome's sacred hearth for centuries, until disbanded under Christian domination 
 divinely ordered destiny 
 Roman mythological tradition is particularly rich in historical myths, or legends, concerning the foundation and rise of the city 
 For Rome's earliest period, history and myth are difficult to distinguish.[7] semi-divine ancestor
 Fratricide thus became an integral part of Rome's founding myth.[9] 
Highly productive generosity, with some spine
Fascism. What do you see when you see the fascia in the mirror. Who do you answer to. Is the pinnacle of your life is yourself, you're the monarch
Philosophical monarchy
If before the idea was to have the greatest army, now it is to have the greatest ideas and ideas will compete and who wrote them is of no importance
Not only he will be remembered but as well he will be increasingly recognised across time
Myth can make reality more intelligible
.
As soon as the character controlling the pov was gone by interference. The guy controlling him make me wait. Showed me around and went to the bathroom to take a shit. He was sitting down while the door was closing and he looked at me through it like a bit ashamed as if I caught him off guard. He had tremendous abs and a panza. Everything was a bit caricature. 
On another dream I made pull ups. Who knows how many. I wasn't heavy. I needed to jump to grab the pull up bar. Tried different grips. In front of me Marco figlio di Sara. He was doing sit ups(?) On parallels. He too had big abs and a panza.
Nothing never makes no sense in dreams.
.
I dreamt about Toto on the bar, serving. He had a smile and we hugged.
Before there were three women I knew.
.
I find the holy grail 
One and again
It's always the same path
.
The fat one was sucking my d 
She was nice
A nice dream
She was not disgusting
She was not my mother
How do you find her repulsive without finding her disgusting
Everyone deserves to live without fear
Reality check :
.
Universality of tribe nature. 
A tribe is a type of people and is determined by father. The child born between is attached to traditional spirits of the father's side. 
Look in your family.
Each tribe is given 3 things: land of origins, a special language and traditions attached.
Language we learn it after birth.
Each language is attached to a particular tribe 
God's creative nature. 
Language is part of nature, God's creation therefore no one on earth will ever form a language.
Knowing your tribe language makes you understand things in the right way.
You can learn another tribe language but you will never understand it if you don't understand your attached tribe language. 
This can be verified practically through teaching people who are being taught in their tribe language attached by God's creation nature, understand things taught better than when they are being taught in foreign language. Question : when personally being taught in your tribe attached language tribe by Creation and foreign language in which language do you understand what you're being taught properly?
Find answer by your self and that's the truth.
Even if you're born speaking foreign language you will never understand it till you understand your tribe language and realise you didn't understand foreign language. 
People who first spoke foreign language and later learnt their tribe attached language by tribe creation and get evidence.
Nature rules the universe.
All can be explained in mathematical form.
Tribes have land of origin, language and traditional spirits which differ. 
An independent nation where a tribe of people (type) is in full control over its territory it uses what is called democracy ( Division of Equality) it cannot have federal ( addition)  reason being its single tribe governance. 
When two or more tribes (types) of people are added (federal) 
Federal democracy. Government leadership in line with nature as per God's creation.
Nature rules the universe and Nature is the truth.
Substractional government
We have traditional spirits which differ
.
Women are supported by this system to abuse  their power that is mostly emotional and psychological and not so much physical
Men are restrained to contain this system
The world made no sense to me as I thought knew how it should work and none of it was happening
Class is unavoidable as hierarchy is unavoidable
Whats unavoidable is pretty much natural and pretty much desired
The infinity of possibilities carry with them the responsibility of judgement and the consequences of the lack of it or decisions made
I would write as if I was speaking
Words shouldn't stop me
I should type fast
Do not repay evil for evil
Inspire anyone to explore everything
Beauty is so random
why should we put up with this shit
why cant people treat you fairly
what's the requisite for people treating you fairly
what do you need from me
what's your point
ifyousellmesomethingformyprotection,youshouldensuremyprotection
ifwhatyousoldmeaintright,youshouldtakeitback
dontbuyshitfromuntrustworthyguys
people would do anything just to sell
theydontrealisethatbysellingshityoujustlosecustomers,clients,andmorepossibleincome
moneyshouldcomefreelyintoonespocket
you now can steal
rob
kidnap
all for the sake of money
thatswhythemoralaspectofitisimportant
you know how to spend your money
and how to make it
youknowifthatwillletyousleepornot
who are you taking your money from
who's benefiting from it
.
My father told me he was young and skinny
That now he had to learn how to punch
Me
He was with a basketball he told me that story of when he was young
We were going through corridors to find the killer I don't remember his name
Father told me that now that I was cherished I should know how to punch
He asked me to days from now where would I be. Maybe to go to mar del plata. In my hand I was holding something that could be lost easily
Rice o aserrín
I only woke up because of the pajero
Father shoot his shot and missed
After he told me what he wanted to tell me he hesitated on saying something else but remained silent
The same I did. I looked away. He gave me his back and said chau. I said chau back. But when I was out, he started with the Rocky Balboa lessons.
Friends don't make you trust them then hurt you
Your body is flame 
You can't be that desconfiado
We know each other, I know I can't trust you
I heard every time you took things personally
.
Soñe que les contaba el precio era alto relativamente
Que un mes de laburo y lo compraba
Wearing a dog's mask is also a hard job
All people looking for that hooligan
Un lugar rancio tipo rave
Patova conmigo detrás de la puerta
Uno paso y lo entraron a chequear
Por algo que yo hice lo entraron a perseguir a uno
Algo que yo dije
Mis sueños no son mis acciones
Reparenting our inner child
Every path I wake leads back to vengeance
People know they could have tried harder
awarenesshavebeenraisedandlawsenacted
whostoobeythelaw
theymadthesystemsobigthatitwouldfallbyitsownweight
weregulateourselvestootherpeoplesreactions
iknowtheeffectihaveonsomeofthem
idonotpossessthesameeffectwithallofthem
maybeishouldbuyinsuranceagainstalltheft
delightfulwomen
ifyoucantlikewomenisbecauseyoucantthinkofthemasanactractivemodel
menshouldimproveasthegoon
womenshouldimproveastheygoonaswell
andnosystemshoulddeterminethat
selfdeterminationistheonlythingthatdrivesus
occidental philosophiesarefinallycomingoutagain
.
edginginthenightsformorningwood
idreamtabouther
wasntwetiresisted
whoshewasicanttell
butitrulylikedherandshelikedme
shewenttobed,coveredherself
grabbed my arm
unzippedmypants
shetouchedme
shemassagedme
shegavemeafewkisses
lamagiaiscalledlaotracienciaandnotfornoreason
maybeitwasyane
maybeitwastini
big waist
doesitookhealthy
hypergamyiswhatmakethem
therewasjordanpetersonthere
iwantedtotalktohim
hesatathetable
heglancedatme
iwastoofuckedupdowntheretorespond
hehadacastratingmother
celisbrother
willyourememberallyourmindgames
yourspiritgoesalongway
learnfromthegiantsfromthe[ast
thosewhosurvivedaslegendsbutwhereonlymen
heros
strugglingagainstlifeandconflictandovercomingitallbecauseitneverendsuntildeath
recoveryourstrengths
standupagain
la vida no te tira
esoesalgoquenunnorepresento
lavidatebordeadelasmismascosas
pararomperelciclo
es un puntoyendoenunalneareacta
pero esa linea parececurvarseycortarenelpasadoyenelfouturo
es el puntoquesaleyvuelveainteryectarse
whatareyourpriorities
ienjoylifetoomuchtocareabout
ofthethingsthatscaredmeididntthinkabout
i was bulliedbyabiggerguy
whatwasmosttraumatizingwasencarnatedsomanytimesthattheviolentswereexposed
expectharshanswersfromyourchildren
theydontcareabouttalkingback
lomuchoqumehacianfaltaprofesores
esoesloquelesdije
forefathers
peoplewhoteachmewisdom
becausewisdomisneededandthemoreyouhaveitthelessmistakesyouaregoingtomake
istherewiseandbad?
istheresuchathing?
whysouldyouchoosetheworstpartafteryouveovercomeit
thebrightonehadanequaldarkpart
they canbreakyourspirit
withviolencedisgust
theybreakthechemistryofyourbody
buttheyneverwillbreakyourwill
yourwillmakesyoustandup
howimportantistothemuslimstodayshahid
iwoulddoeventhethingsthatimagainst
ididntknowitwasawomenonlyevent
superficialcharmoraminotalwayslikethis
itoldher
youhavetohavethewisdomoftheforefathers
theycantmakesenseofmakingsense
ishouldseaonacameraandchallengepeopleback
ishoulduploadeverythingihave
whenimnotwrittingmuchestar en el ego es estarenlainterseccionentrelalinearectaquesubeypegalavuelta
obajaypegalavuelta
wordlythoughtsanddivinethoughts
ihavethewisdomoftheforefathers
irecogniseit
theorderedworld
whatsnaturalaboutadistopia
whatnosnotnaturalaboutautopia
utopiashouldbenatural
whatdoyouknowabouthumannature?
whatareyouimplying?that everythinggoes?quetodovale?
naturalezahumana
nuncanosvamosadesprenderdelcuerpo
es partedenuestranaturaleza
espiritualmetetodospateamosparadistintoslados
perocorporalmentetodospateamosporelmismolado
thingscouldbe
offlinesingleplayer
thewaygamesaremeanttobeplayed
itsfascinatinghowtheevsmadethemgames
thewatherchangedasthestoryprogressed
thestormwaspurewindandwasdark
micathesnakerottentutchesheaduntilhebrokehisspirit
dutchcouldnthandlehimselfandwasextremelyconfusedattheend
nothingwasgoingaccordingtoplan
whydiddutchkillthatwomaninblackwater
thestoryalreadyhadstarted,andyoudontgotoblackwateruntiltheveryendofthegame
iplayreddeadredemptiontounderstanditswritting
itisnotobvioustomehowitwaswritten
ishouldmakemorewritingsjustotdosomemorewritings
dothethingyouaredingin thisexactmomentwithpassion
peoplewithpassionalwaystriumph
whataboutthespinningwheel
insteadofrightandleftwecouldcallitrightandwrong
rightwingsandwrongwings
theresonlyonethatisright
everyonehashadandwillhaveeveryhoughtinexistence
justtoactright
whynotactrightfromthebeginningyousay,youcouldntotherwhiseyouwouldnthavefreewill
theyquestionfreewill
laexperienciaempobrecedoralatienenlosquenocreenenambascosas,ordenydesorden
solodesoredennotraenadanuevo,alahoradeordenarvanahaberfaltas
aunquecuandohayaordendespuesdetantomasdesordenado,mayorseraelorden
deunmayororden
unajerarquiademayororden
vulgardisplayofpowerthatwas
iwillsmoketabaccoonlyalone
trustmeiamnot
coccoon
whysodisgusting
milkychancessong
thereisnoorderinwhichyourthoughtscome
youmakethemcome
armarcarpetasimprimirysubiryoutube
temporaryfolders
idonthavetosmokethefirsttime
dothebesttotransfrwithbreathethatenergybacktoyourhead
icanmeditateanddoforce
margaritasalospuercos
beinanotherroomanddontletanyonedistractyou
iwanttobearoundthem
Every unit is a totality 
.
Plankton con un bigote cantando con una guitarra
La langosta de la sirenita
.
I pumped in her a few times after we kissed our lips
The problem was not the act but with whom
Super abundance. book.
everythingwasboring
formattingcodeisjustthinkingtheversionsofit
ididntspeakawordbutisharedatablewiththem
weate
iheardthemstorieswheneverwasappropriate
ididntexceedanylimitandneitherwasitryingto
themgirlstheynamedaround
theonestheycrossedoutofthelist
youhadatimeofplayer
butthatcantbeyourwholepersonality
youwontbeasprettyforever
theyoungprettyboythingendedprettyearlyinlife
theadolescentpartiswhereyoubecomemorebeastly
howbeastlyshouldawomanbe
theytamethebeastbuttheyareaswellabeasttobetamed
dominionlikealionandalioness
playfullyplaying
shewouldwanttosubmit
rationalityandrealityaintone
theentiresystemtheyheldupasreality
igetsadthatnowicantdothatthingwhichididwheniwasyounger
anditwasonlybeforeiwashigh
siempresientoquehablanmaldemi
ynomeimporta
sigodejandotodoabiertoparaquelacasaventile
nieganlobello
icouldleavewitheverythingyoufindout
thethingaboutheirpsycheistheywereinterviewedmanyyearsago
theiremotionsweretheirreality
dontyouthinkaboutjusthowbadtheworldreallywas
tenesqueestartristeportodoelmundotodoeltiempo?
tantoquenotedejehacernada?
trabajamosparanuestrosfellowhumans
whateverratotheyget
whatsthatmorningrouting
sheasksherforfavors
hedothemforher
shewontcease
sheevenexceeds
cualquiercosa.
whatdoyounotwanttothinkof?
sheabuseshim
thatdoesntstopovertheyears
youarenttheretodofavorstoeachother
parentsleveragemeup
inaweirdwayisallthesame
shouldipickuptheirphone?
mamawouldgetangryifwewerenttheonesansweringthephoneorthedoororthesaltthatwasmissing
weshouldserveher
weshouldntmakehermove
tomakehermovewastomakeherattackus
thewayitstartsisbetweenwifeandhusband
informationpreads
theyapproachyoubeforeeveryoneelsedoes
theparadoxofmultiplicityinunity
hesanautist
iknewbeforehandthewayofthedrugs
walkthewalkofsemenret(/j)en(/c)tion
itisawildgod
toprovethespellofwordstowardsapriestthatcomeslateintothenightandaskstoseeifthereisanysignofheresyhelooksaroundthewallsandthetarotscardscaughtheirattention
hesniffesnomagic
heleaves
hethenrealisessomethingstrangehashappened
asifhewasinadream
hewentawayconvincedofhiswords
hewasspelled
bythetimeherealisedit,thespellwasbrokenandhedrunoffwithhisthings
peoplegettingtheirs
soslavictimadetodostuscuentos
supropiahijalaexcita
sumadreesunaputa
nowordstodescribesuchathing
sexualizingherdaughertowannajoinaftersomecoke
herfriendsgointoherroomanddowhateverwithher
orcoulddoatleast
yesharmless
indefensa
shemustfeelsolonely
shehasserioustroublemumblingthingsthatarentwell
wordscancurepeople
youwantthemtoseehermisbehaving
iwoulddosuchathing
iwouldntjustforthesakethativeprovedmypointandyouarenttherightwomanforanymenbecauseyouhaventthoughttoimproveonthat
youbelievetheimprovementsoftherelationshipmustbedonebyhim
hewasalwayssolowbecauseofherandyoublamedhimentirelyfornotbeingthere
thatwomanhurthimbeyondcomprehension
afterallhegaveawayandrenouncejustbecauseofher
butoncesettledhewantedtobesettled
itisawildgod
itisagodofnocountry
godofnocountry
wildgod
dD
peoplearesayingthingstoyoueverytimethattheyspeak
vomitarelpisoespeakcomedy
goldendawn
makeroomformoretrutharoundyou
megustaandar
noesqueno
perosiempretodosenlosmismoshabitos
mehacenmezclarmeconellos
mehacennoquererandar
maybehesalsolosingfriends
andhegetshigherandhigherwiththatpowder
maybeitsthebestoutcomeorsodoeshethinks
heswaymoredestroyedthanwhathethinksoff
ialwayswassurprisedandadmiredfortheirperformingpresence
beforeallthings
theywereimponent,bypresencealone
theydidnthaveanystatusforme
norpower
notheattention
norapplause
butpresence
somethingirradiatingfromthemtowardstherest
peoplesohypnoticthatwouldmakeyoulookatthem
nomatteriftheyarebaldandwearingnothing
.
Be the person you needed when your were younger
.
Random giant urges
It takes courage to have an honest conversation with yourself
i dreamtiwaskleaninngaboat
withamop
thewaterontopwasblack
myparents(ithink)wereinside
ijustfinishedtalkingtotheofficerabourhowwealreadyhadourrichiestadipermessodisoggiorno
imgoingtoseemysister
imgoingtohelpafriend
imgoingtoplayonthestreets
imgoingtoearnsomemoney
theywereprosecutingus
chasingus
wewentintoawormhole
thatwascutasamirroriscut
nottheentiresurfacewasavailabletogothrough
whatdoesthemindunderstandonitsown?
themindofthisworldfollowsitsownlogic
howcanyoubeawareofeverything
shesbeenonthepathforalongtime
threecutsjumpedovertheroof
imtravelinglightitoldthem
butinrealityjustabackpackwithtwohndsoccupiedisnotlight
oneguitarononehand
apackintheother
iwasgoingtoaskthatguardifsheknewwhatmysituationwas
towork
.
Make a proud nation
Killaneighbour
Ofeverycolour
Makeaproudnation
.
You see how nasty things get when you force them to act or you restraint them from moving 
Everything is a dream and there is no in between
What we see with our eyes closed and what we see with our eyes open
It's all processed dreamlike
You're terrified because I prove your worldview wrong 
I know what type of adults they are going to become if they carry on this path
Names will never change me.
An ancient race that mysteriously disappeared
.
bebaldandbebrave
whatdoyouwantkitten
ninadoesntwanttoeatsolid
shegoesaroundthehouse
shecanapretarherleglikewaybetterthanbefore
stillnotasmuchassheusedto,butreallygood
isitfairto
alifewithenoughdopamine
huberman
thealgorhythmisreachingus
whosyoutubesowner
iwonderifitsrightorleftwingandiwonderwhathebelievesin
herpawiswaybetter
volvimuytarde
aunquenoeramuytardecomoparacaerlealacasa
eltemaesquesifueraporminuncaelijocaerlesalacasa
voyfallandoatodoelmundo
porqueenunprincipiopenseencosasparahacerconlosamigosquenoveia
despuesmedicuentadequeinvitaragenteahacercosas
miraqueno
cryptic
bandastic
fantastic
everylineisoneline
ofcourseyoucanreadaltogether
fasterreading
fasterwritting
everyonecanreadit
butneedsaneffort
istherereallydominioninamalefemalerelationship
dominanceandsubmission
dotheymeanwhattheydoforthecollective
thecollectiveconscioussisawareofmanythings
thecollectiveunconscioussstillisntawareofsomethings
noseenquecreo
havetheloveforallinmind
thethingaboutitisitchangesyou
anditsanarchetypicalstory
teniamiedodeconfundirmeloconotrodown
unapiernacruzadaatrasdelaotra
teenderezamucholaespalda
escomounmedioloto
tengo queestirarelculo
noesquenotengaabiertaslascaderas
yadescubriquees
laespaldabaja
ivealwayshadawaywithwords
ifitmustbeme
ifeverythingresolvesinasinglepoint
andthatdpointisme
doireallydontdoubtmyownexistence?
wellishould
butyoucouldntsustainthatbeliefevenifyouwantedto
outsideintheworldthereareotrherpeoplethatremindyouthattheyarewholeastheygiveyounewinsightsandyougivethemnewinsights
lopeordebesernosaberniporquetemataron
whycantirelaxwhileimwriting
whileisitsotiring
whydoiknowiwontleavemybeduntilthistripends
iknowiknowicancontinueit
washeaphilosopherorapsychologist
orratherboth
foucaultwaswisebuthadanevilside
howmuchabouthimistruethough
howcaniknowthehonestyofpeople
peoplearecomplex
theydontjustfeelgoodthings
youllsuffer
youcantavoidit
youllsuffferbecauselifeissuffering
youllsufferbecauseyoucanescapefeelingbadforthethingsyoudidwrong
andsoyoushould
icantrelyonadrug
icantrelyonanysubstance
iknowicansober
iknowtmespeedsupwhenimalone
ishouldgotheresayhiandcomeback
ishouldspendmoretimewithgrandma
estamuylastimado
pordentroyporfuera
oagentequehacedeportellegamejoralamujer
peoplehatewrstandsotheyshould
peopleliethisandsotheyshould
becausesoontheyllrealiseit
andthenthejudgewillweightonyourhead
howmuchistoomuchweight
theyllconsiderthrowingthemselves
andsotheyshould
butwhatwhen
elsalto
noseporquecierrolosojoslaideanoesdormirsenitenerelsuenomaslucidodelmundo
laideaesescribirtantaspaginasseanposiblesantesdearracareldia
hacerunasrespiracionesprofundas
mientraseescribis
esunejercicioparanoahogarse
dividebreatheinthreeparts
onebreathes
theotheroneholds
iampassionale
quepasaquenopuedohablar
jjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
t6y
hespeakslikestray
Atun
theblackandwhitecat
laexperienciareducida
whywouldyoufeelwrongforfeelinggood?becaiseyoshouldntfeelcertainthoughts
peoplewhowakeuparebeholdlikegods
ididntaskforthislife
neurotiismwontletyoubehappywriting
youllfixateonthelinethatyouforgot
esimportante
novoyasacareltema
perointentohablarsisurge
loesotericoesimportante
lasinfluenciasesotericassondemasiadasparanoprestarlesatencion
chasingadereamofwhoknowswhat
whydidnttheylistentothewise?
wherewastheappealonalifeofconsumerism
iguesslivingthedream
butnoteverythinggwasproducerconsumer
thatisareduxedexperience
reduced
reduxed
experience
writeaswellalkeyboards
keyboardsandwordsdontdifferentiate
whycheattoyourself
youcheatedsayingthatyouwrotethatlineultipletimewheninrealityyoumadethathappenentirely
wordsandlineshavenoseparation
theilussionofseparation
wehaveadivinespark
theancientknewthis
thisaggression,youalwayshadit
youjustchosenottouseit
keepyourbeastlypartsharp
andnoneedtouseit
theresnoefficiencyeatinganicecream
efficiency
doinglesstimethesamething
seapagolaluzayerjustocuadndopasabaporabajodeunfarolalavueltadelcumpleanosdeblasenelnautico
mepasotambienenelcampo
horroristhestrange
butaswellistheunthoughtof
youdontknowwhatwilmanifest
butyouknowyoudontwanttoseeit
theblackestpartofyourselfmanifestinginternally
everycharacterwillhavedifferentfears
enprimerapersonanodicenadacercadesucaracter
harrypotter,kvothe
todosestanescritosentercerapersona
unonoescribeparainterpretarunpersonaje
esohacelaactuacion
unoescribeparaplantearunaidea
plasmarunaidea
desarrollarunahistoria
efficiencyinfarting
ididfartinbedwithherandthatwasdisgusting
youareinclosertouchtoyoudreamswhenyoujustwakeup
ihaveattrofiatedmyabductors
whileidothethingsidoothersdothingsidont
theraremultiversesgoingonadthosearepeople
eachzeroisauniverse
universeisazero
particularityisone
theparadoxofoneimplicatestheother
O from other
cer0s
ifyouthinkyouknowhowtocarrysocietypleaseproveit
actinglikeone
believingyouareitssalvation
buthavesomedignity
dontlietousall
dontlietoyourself
butenacthonestly
lograrqueelcapomafiaseenoje
quepierdasutemperamento
shewaspartofthatabuseinthatinstitution
peoplenotcapaacitatedtobearoundchildrenthatage
shehatedusbutshedidnthatethemorsowouldiveliketobelieve
ihavethesameageasher
ijusthaventyetaged
ellaprefierequeestemoslejosasitienealgodequehablar
ihaventdedicatedmyselftoreadaboutit
whytheneedtocorrectotherswhentheyspeakforyou?
youneversaidthatandthatisthat
ihaveawaywithwordsbecauseimawriterandanartist
wouldyouletmetype
heonlyknowhistory
hisdeathwillonlyrevealhispurpose
tohim
sigisamust
prepareforwhenyouareaneeded
awelltrainedsoldierthatservedwelltohiscountry
somanypeopletovisit
ishouldjustputoneandleave
carucuasenelojo
porquenosesiescribobienloquequieroescribir
porquenosedondedejelosdedosenlalineaanterior
alfinalterminolevantandomemuchasvcesmasdelasquequerria
ytodoparacomplacerammineuroticism
youpickupthingsoryouletthemgo
n vs t 
ishouldsoonbegone
whynotfantasizewithbeingoutside
herethingsaresoquietsostill
itsnotthatidontenjoythem
doesherealiseitornotthathestooprotective
heputsbarriers
hekicksmyojotas
heputshiskneebetweenmyselfandhissister
hesayskiltswouldlookgoodonme
peladoforromedijo
ahpensastequeteestababardeando?
estabanhablandodemi?
quelocodenso
esmediodenso
ycontocosas
ydijoquehaciaporsushijasperoquesinolashubieratenidonoestariaconelllas
chocolateporlanoticia
deberiashabertefijadoantes
ahoratenesotrasresponsabilidades
imtiredevenofhim
hejustreceived
iwontbetreatedasacapataz
tolistentoyourselflouderyoudontneedtocloseyoureyesmore
youneedtojustbeawareofyourthoughts
dontbemorehigh
dontgetmorehigh


canyougethigherthanwhathighyouare?
iguessifyouinhalesomemore
orifyousmokedsomemore
iwishtofindthetruefemininity
iwishtofindtheworld
the blueandthepink
whatsthesymbolismoftwocolors
whatdoesthewordcatholicismteach
whowerethiskingsandqueens
andwhatdidtheyrepreesnt
wearewithgodbutnotwithyou
howlongcanonewritewithoutlookingatwhatheswriting
avrheadsetwouldbebestforwriting
withoutmovingyourneck
itsnotthatimlazyitsthattheyaretoomanyhors
yourneckgetstight
yourlowerback
battlingwithawildgod
programmer writes an algorithm by organizing lines of logical code. 
the logic always existed, independent of the programmer, but it is the creator who organizes it into a living spirit / intelligence / soul.
A movie where reality changes every time there is an adjustment in the characters eye glasses
Make today the day you stop trying to be like your idols and start being yourself
I've always wanted to be 
El Rey de reyes
The king of kings
He was willing to extend this loan due, in part, to his belief that gold is not as important as national effort and desire, in helping win a war, and due to the apparent underdog status of Japan at the time; no European nation had yet been defeated by a non-European nation in a modern, full-scale war.
Prone to push the boundaries of morality in law in the realm of international banking
Devious, preoccupied with profit, and insensitive to morality
miserly and greedy
sinister manipulations of the money supply
Paying for a few big jews' vendetta on goyim
Money is a powerful force
money "essential" to material being, as essential as God is to spiritual being
Solve et coagula
.
Someone else was wearing my face and it was salesiano el sobrino de Barriola
He looked at me badly shaved with the big face
My mother was in the kitchen not wanting to clean and she expressed that to her brother marcial
He never listened to her
She thought she had power
But she clearly didn't
Because they say no and she couldn't break that.
We were talking with zore and who knows who about being in a relationship and what it meant. Rejection to the lady inviting us for dinner and we said no. We arrived in the car to a giant boat and the instructor send me to the ferretería and who knows where else to buy shit for the boat. He told me to take it as a paseo. It was the actor that surfs with Keanu reeves.
Whywouldamanchangehoehecommunicates
The way he communicates be the same
Magic is using reality as a mirror
Iwrite whatibelievewithpurefaith.
Therightknowswhathappenedtothemtheleftdontknos
They want us to rebel against the system that oppresses us
That's not what's happening at all coffee Kyoto
Cryptic
Whydidhehitme
Thefirstguy
Irealisedprettysoonthatrealitywasprettydangerous
Whywasithewayiwas
Thatswhativealwaysbeeneondering
Iwasjustarebefromthebegginning
Imnotfascistidontwantatotakitarianstateofanykindidontevenwanttovote
Meenvuelvoconlaluzymeselloconlaluz
Escribirtampocoesunaperdidadetiempo
Imamartianandicomefrommarsbecausethisandthat
Reality doesn't hold you nowadays
I contemplate everything you say
Todos son unos inadaptados sociales
Being or existence is a state in which one acts or can be acted upon.
They were authors claiming it was the systems fault.
Quiso descubrir los origines de los problemas y los hizo. De todos y cada uno de los particulares. Pero nunca encontró la particularidad que los unía 
Godisbiggerthanmanymultiverses
Isjustarush
Joinisush
One part of a pair
One opposed to a pair
If nothingness is the opposite of existence and nothingness exists then it is the opposite of itself?
Can I judge him?
I as well saw Bruna
I wanted her
Brunas
Runas
For 
Adivination
It's closeness to 
suggestion
Crawl inside the shell
In the power of the holy spirit
Sobre la libertad y la violencia
La espada como la violencia
Arma de doble filo
I'm the star now and that's why I don't want to leave
Or I can't see myself leaving
But I am
Semenretentiontheycansmellitonyou
Magnetic
I've conquered this game of eyesights and hugs and close kisses
unamadrerepugnante
itdevoursyouwithplaindisgust
bettysentherhellos
bettymemandounbesso
mequeriacolocar
quisoverlahuertaymistomates
quisoverlahuertaymiacelga
tengoqueescribirloqueestoypensandonoimportacomosuene
writingrequiresalotoftraining
inthehands
towrite
coordination
iwasawayscomfortable
itwasboundtohappen thewayofthewest
adthenshereachedmypants
andishowedherwheretountieher
menarebeingcheatedwittheeyesandwomenarebeingcheatedwiththeears
theyaretoldwhattheywanttohear
theyaare told whattheywanttosee
theworldnowishorrorforthewomen
andlasciveformen
thereswarandviolenceandsangre
menhavebeenviolentsincethebeginningoftimes
violenceshouldbeusedwithapurpose
therearemanykindsofviolenceandtheyarenotallevilnortheycauseanyeffetonsomeoneotherthanthepersoninvolved
thenipointedouthtatmykittenssuckthetittiesoftheirunclebigoteandshelaughedandleanttowardsmeandhangedfrommyleftarmwhilewebothlauged
itwassonohot
atthesametimenarratingitis
tenesventanasparatodosloslados
armasparadefendersobrecualquierpartedelterrno
sesuponequeunodebepensarenlaseguridaddesuhogar
lasalarmassonparaunonoperseguirse
losgatoshacendecualquierhogarsuhogar
noquierovermasloqueestoyescribiendo
priorizarescribirantesquedormir
nosiempreesmalaidea
estarreamanecido
No siempre es mala idea
He sa father of many girls
Judith silk
Arroz con siii hay un go hmf_f_así
.
Don't delay-you're at the edge of action
I was guilty before I committed the crime
.
thefatheralmostdiemanytimesonmanyaccidents
thewiselearnsfromothersmistakes
thewiseavoidsmistakesbecauseheknowstherighteouspath
wouldyoualwayschoosetherighteouspath? whyisthat
petit mort
The movement of injaculation is upward toward immortal life, eternity and the Divine; not downward through the seven glands, depleting them, toward death, as with ejaculation
If you injaculate properly, your sperm will be magically re-absorbed into your bloodstream
.
Little kids removing horns from little rhinos 
Big houses
People stopped fucking in the living room after being removed from their rooms
Big mansion like Downton abbey
Tengo un arma con balas de salva
You're just a woman at that point, since your estrogen would outscale your testosterone.
I'm not used to confronting my own mind
You'll order the world according to what
escritores como Mishima, Celine, Tolkien o Drieu la Rochelle
ensayistas como los hermanos Jünger
metafísicos como Evola, Guénon, o Coomaraswamy,
 sociólogos como Spann o Freyer
antropólogos como Eliade
poetas como Pound
economistas como Sombart
historiadores como Spengler
directores de cine como Tarkovski 
Veía en la guerra un ejercicio purificador y un camino a la trascendencia
ilegibles y payasescos textos de inspiración ocultista
conexiones entre ciertos escritos de Eliade y algunas vertientes del misticismo fascista
la marcha unidireccional del estado
el individuo no tiene derechos, solamente obligaciones
intelectuales del autoritarismo como Carl Schmitt
Periodismo político es deshonesto y una deshonra
Knowing the thoughts of the times you're going to know what happened
.
Feeling of fulfilment is what we seek
Sensation seeking
Sense of fulfillment
There's nothing you have to do to achieve that
Counterpart does not mean opposite
Eros divine madness
.
If God gave you the authority you wouldn't need the institution to back you up
Be aware of your surroundings
Acknowledge your hesitations
Hesitation marks 
Todo al final se destapa
Will they judge writing over action?
Speaking to random strangers
Todo lo demás es secundario
No podía ver por qué me estaba yendo
Ahora ya lo veo mejor
Random strangers
Counterphobe to random strangers
But let them come to me and not the other way around
Atenea hermana Ares 
Artemisa y Apolo el sol y la luna
Percephone la mujer de Ares 
Hipnos y tánatos el seño y la muerte
Chaos magic every one of this lines of mine
La realidad se filtra a través de las líneas
Le voy a mostrar mi libro a la abuela con el software
El cerebro es computacional
I know when to think and not when to think
Slash el ídolo
Desconocido de lo anómalo
Realising that you realise
The understanding of the understandment
Lo único que existe es el acto de la mente
El acto de la mente
HH
.
When Jung was leaving I called him Lulu. Chau Lulu.
Smile at the past as you leap into the future
Mother asking what did I say and me saying nothing for the third time
I wasn't talking to you
And I went into the kitchen and heard my father say I was unmotivated
I need my lunars removed so I can shave my head
viaje sin rumbo para vivir una aventura por nuevos conocimiento
I don't see myself leaving
A mí nunca se me tapa la bombilla
Y si si no tenes equipo de mate te la destapa tu esposo
The blood of the martyrs is the seed of the church - Tertullian
When in stoned aged I can think with the world
Ringo was a song drummer
Such a composer on the drums
La locura es un placer que solo el loco conoce
.
Attack your ignorance from different angles
.
Soñé que cagaba bien a palos a un gordo mucho más poderoso que yo
Esquivaba sus golpes y le pegaba varios míos
Le rompi la nariz con un gancho
Be brave enough to commit to love 
Natural selection doesn't plan for the future
.
Le miraba el culo a Abril
O eso pensaban mis amigos
Era un cumpleaños
Bailamos todos alrededor de la mesa
Dando vueltitas
Un auto con otro auto atado atrás y una cola tipo transformer
En el agua
Como shadow of colossus
A bunch of clothes hanging on a cross
Marilyn Manson singing a song
Beautiful girls on carriages
Traveling with barriola
Speaking of mountain climbing
Walking travelling
There were words with down on the cross
Something along the lines of "fuck"